movieId: AA13  actor: Leslie Howard
movieId: AA13  actor: Wendy Hiller
movieId: AA13  actor: Wilfrid Lawson
movieId: AA13  actor: Scott Sunderland
movieId: AA13  actor: Marie Lohr
movieId: AA13  actor: Iris Hoey
movieId: AA13  actor: David Tree
movieId: AA13  actor: Esme Percy
movieId: AA13  actor: Everley Gregg
movieId: AA13  actor: O.B. Clarence
movieId: AA13  actor: Jean Cadell
movieId: AA14  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: AA14  actor: Ellen Drew
movieId: AA14  actor: Guy Middleton
movieId: AA14  actor: Ronald Culver
movieId: AA16  actor: Margaret Lockwood
movieId: AA16  actor: Derek Farr
movieId: AA16  actor: A.E. Matthews
movieId: AA16  actor: Marjorie Fielding
movieId: AA16  actor: Athene Seyler
movieId: AA16  actor: Peggy Ashcroft
movieId: AA16  actor: Margaretta Scott
movieId: AA16  actor: Bernard Miles
movieId: AA29  actor: Michael Redgrave
movieId: AA29  actor: Michael Denison
movieId: AA29  actor: Edith Evans
movieId: AA29  actor: Margaret Rurtherford
movieId: AA29  actor: Joan Greenwood
movieId: AA29  actor: Miles Malleson
movieId: AA29  actor: Doroty Tutin
movieId: AA29  actor: Walter Hudd
movieId: AA37  actor: Dirk Bogarde
movieId: AA37  actor: Olivia deHavilland
movieId: AA37  actor: Paul Massie
movieId: AA37  actor: Wilfrid Hyde White
movieId: AA37  actor: Robert Morley
movieId: AA37  actor: Anthony Dawson
movieId: AA37  actor: Richard Wattis
movieId: AA37  actor: Martin Miller
movieId: AA37  actor: Millicent Martin
movieId: AA38  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: AA38  actor: Sophia Loren
movieId: AA38  actor: Alastair Sim
movieId: AA38  actor: Vittorio deSics
movieId: AA38  actor: Dennis Price
movieId: AA38  actor: Gary Raymond
movieId: AA38  actor: Alfie Bass
movieId: AA41  actor: Richard Burton
movieId: AA41  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: AA41  actor: Maggie Smith
movieId: AA41  actor: Rod Taylor
movieId: AA41  actor: Margaret Rutherford
movieId: AA41  actor: Louis Jordon
movieId: AA41  actor: Elsa Martinelli
movieId: AA41  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: AA41  actor: Linda Chistian
movieId: AA41  actor: Dennis Price
movieId: AA41  actor: Richard Wattis
movieId: AA41  actor: David Frost
movieId: AA41  actor: Robert Coote
movieId: AA41  actor: Joan Benham
movieId: AA41  actor: Michael Hodern
movieId: AA41  actor: Lance Percival
movieId: AA41  actor: Martin Miller
movieId: AaB10  actor: Michael Palin
movieId: AaB10  actor: Maggie Smith
movieId: AaB10  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: AaB10  actor: Richard Griffiths
movieId: AaB10  actor: Tony Haygarth
movieId: AaB10  actor: Liz Smith
movieId: AaB10  actor: John Normington
movieId: AaB10  actor: s a
movieId: AAd10  actor: sa
movieId: AAd10  actor: Eddie Murphy
movieId: AAd10  actor: Cameron Diaz
movieId: AAd10  actor: sa
movieId: AAd10  actor: sa
movieId: AAd10  actor: Vicki Jenson
movieId: AAd10  actor: Kathleen Freeman
movieId: AAh10  actor: Gibson Frazier
movieId: AAl6  actor: Alan Alda
movieId: AAl6  actor: Carol Burnett
movieId: AAl6  actor: Len Cariou
movieId: AAl6  actor: Sandy Dennis
movieId: AAl6  actor: Rita Moreno
movieId: AAl6  actor: Jack Weston
movieId: AAl6  actor: Bess Armstrong
movieId: AAl10  actor: Alan Alda
movieId: AAl10  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: AAl10  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: AAl10  actor: Bob Hoskins
movieId: AAl10  actor: Lise Hilboldt
movieId: AAl10  actor: Lillian Gish
movieId: AAl10  actor: Saul Rubinek
movieId: AAl10  actor: Lois Chiles
movieId: AAl20  actor: Molly Ringwald
movieId: AAl20  actor: Alan Alda
movieId: AAl20  actor: Joey Bishop
movieId: AAl20  actor: Madeleine Kahn
movieId: AAl20  actor: Ally Sheedy
movieId: AAl20  actor: Anthony LaPaglia
movieId: AAl20  actor: Julie Bovassa
movieId: AAl20  actor: Joe Pesci
movieId: AAl20  actor: Catherine OHara
movieId: AAl20  actor: Dylan Walsh
movieId: AAl20  actor: Burt Young
movieId: AAn10  actor: Brooke Adams
movieId: AAn10  actor: Ione Skye
movieId: AAn10  actor: Faraizu Baik
movieId: AAn10  actor: Donovan Leitch
movieId: AAn12  actor: Angel Avilea
movieId: AAn12  actor: Seidy Lopez
movieId: AAn12  actor: Jacob Vargas
movieId: AAn14  actor: Tim Roth
movieId: AAn14  actor: Sammi Davis
movieId: AAn14  actor: Amanda deCadenet
movieId: AAn14  actor: Madonna
movieId: AAn14  actor: Lili Taylor
movieId: AAn14  actor: Davis Proval
movieId: AAn14  actor: Jennifer Beals
movieId: AAn14  actor: Antonio Banderas
movieId: AAn14  actor: Tamlyn Tomita
movieId: AAn14  actor: Danny Verduzo
movieId: AAn14  actor: Lana McKissack
movieId: AAn14  actor: Patricia Vonne Rodriguez
movieId: AAn14  actor: Quentin Tarantino
movieId: AAn14  actor: Bruce Willis
movieId: AAn14  actor: Alicia Witt
movieId: AAr10  actor: P.J. Sales
movieId: AAr10  actor: Vincent VanPatten
movieId: AAr10  actor: Clint Howard
movieId: AAr10  actor: The Ramones
movieId: AAr10  actor: Paul Bartel
movieId: AAr10  actor: Mary Woronov
movieId: AAr10  actor: Alix Elias
movieId: AAr20  actor: Andy Kaufman
movieId: AAr20  actor: Bernadette Peters
movieId: AAr20  actor: Randy Quaid
movieId: AAr20  actor: Melanie Mayron
movieId: AAS10  actor: Jack Wayne
movieId: AAS10  actor: Jack Coleman
movieId: AAS10  actor: Craig Wasson
movieId: AAS10  actor: Kay Lenz
movieId: AAS10  actor: Sigrid Thornton
movieId: AAS10  actor: Kevin Colsonn
movieId: AAt10  actor: Gaston Batyi
movieId: AAt10  actor: Jose Sacristan
movieId: AAt10  actor: Frederico Luppi
movieId: AAt10  actor: Cecilia Roth
movieId: AAt10  actor: Leonor Benedetto
movieId: AB2  actor: Thais Galizky
movieId: AbA10  actor: Francesca Bertini
movieId: AbA10  actor: Gustavo Serena
movieId: AbA10  actor: Alfredo DeAntoni
movieId: AbA10  actor: Lido Manetti
movieId: AbA10  actor: Nella Montagna
movieId: AbA10  actor: Vittorio DeSica
movieId: ABd4  actor: Richard Boone
movieId: ABd4  actor: Theodore Bikel
movieId: ABe10  actor: Georges duFresne
movieId: AbF10  actor: Zoe Tamerlis
movieId: AbF10  actor: Steve Singer
movieId: AbF10  actor: Jack Thibeau
movieId: AbF10  actor: Peter Yellen
movieId: AbF20  actor: Christopher Walken
movieId: AbF25  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: AbF25  actor: Zoe Lund
movieId: AbF25  actor: Frankie Thorn
movieId: AbF26  actor: Madonna
movieId: AbF26  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: AbF26  actor: James Russo
movieId: AbF27  actor: Gabrielle Anwar
movieId: AbF27  actor: Terry Kinney
movieId: AbF27  actor: Meg Tilly
movieId: AbF27  actor: Reilly Murphy
movieId: AbH1  actor: s a
movieId: AbH1  actor: s a
movieId: AbH1  actor: s a
movieId: ABi10  actor: Faye Dunaway
movieId: ABi10  actor: Klaus Maria Brandauer
movieId: ABi10  actor: David Ebbets
movieId: ABi10  actor: Ian Richardson
movieId: ABi10  actor: John Nettleton
movieId: ABi10  actor: N. Ottering
movieId: ABi20  actor: Andrew Robertson
movieId: ABi20  actor: Sinead Cusack
movieId: ABi20  actor: Charlotte Gainsbourg
movieId: AbK15  actor: Homayoun Ershadi
movieId: AbK15  actor: s a
movieId: AbK15  actor: s a
movieId: AbK15  actor: s a
movieId: ABl10  actor: Sophia Loren
movieId: ABl10  actor: Vittorio deSica
movieId: ABl10  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: ABn1  actor: Melanie Griffith
movieId: ABo10  actor: Michael Riley
movieId: ABo10  actor: Stephen Rappaport
movieId: ABo10  actor: s a
movieId: AbP10  actor: Clara Kimball Young
movieId: AbP10  actor: Gareth Hughes
movieId: AbP10  actor: Pauline Starke
movieId: AbP10  actor: Sam Sothern
movieId: AbP10  actor: Milton Sills
movieId: AbP10  actor: Rudolfo Valentino
movieId: AbP50  actor: Basil Sidney
movieId: AbP50  actor: James Mason
movieId: AbP50  actor: Enid StampTaylor
movieId: AbP50  actor: Barbara Greene
movieId: ABr1  actor: Albert Brooks
movieId: ABr1  actor: Frances Lee McCain
movieId: ABr1  actor: s a
movieId: ABr1  actor: Charles Grodin
movieId: ABr2  actor: Albert Brooks
movieId: ABr2  actor: Kathryn Harrold
movieId: ABr2  actor: Bruno Kirby
movieId: ABr2  actor: James L. Brooks
movieId: ABr2  actor: Meadowlark Lemon
movieId: ABr2  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: ABr2  actor: Super Dave Osborne
movieId: ABr3  actor: Albert Brooks
movieId: ABr3  actor: Julie Hagerty
movieId: ABr3  actor: Garry K. Marshall
movieId: ABr3  actor: Art Frankel
movieId: ABr4  actor: Albert Brooks
movieId: ABr4  actor: Lee Grant
movieId: ABr4  actor: s a
movieId: ABr4  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: ABr4  actor: Rip Torn
movieId: ABr4  actor: Shirley MacLaine
movieId: ABr7  actor: Debbie Reynolds
movieId: ABr7  actor: s a
movieId: ABr9  actor: Jennifer Tilly
movieId: ABu10  actor: Mary Tyler Moore
movieId: ABu10  actor: Ted Danson
movieId: ABu10  actor: Christine Lahti
movieId: ABu10  actor: Sam Waterston
movieId: ABu10  actor: Salome Jens
movieId: ABW40  actor: Robert Montgomery
movieId: ABW40  actor: Constance Cummings
movieId: ABW40  actor: Seymour Hicks
movieId: ABW40  actor: Leslie Banks
movieId: ABW40  actor: Robert Newton
movieId: ABW40  actor: Googie Withers
movieId: ABW40  actor: Frank Pettingell
movieId: ABz10  actor: Jack Palance
movieId: ABz10  actor: Richard Roundtree
movieId: ABz10  actor: Ann Turkel
movieId: ABz10  actor: Bo Svenson
movieId: ABz10  actor: Rod Steiger
movieId: AC5  actor: John Barrymore
movieId: AC5  actor: Mary Astor
movieId: AC5  actor: Warner Oland
movieId: AC5  actor: Estelle Taylor
movieId: AC5  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: AC5  actor: Phyllis Haver
movieId: AC5  actor: Willard Louis
movieId: AC5  actor: Montague Love
movieId: AC6  actor: John Barrymore
movieId: AC6  actor: Conrad Veidt
movieId: AC6  actor: Marceline Day
movieId: AC6  actor: Mack Swain
movieId: AC6  actor: Slim Summerville
movieId: AC7  actor: Anna May Wong
movieId: AC7  actor: Sojin
movieId: AC8  actor: Al Jolson
movieId: AC8  actor: May McAvoy
movieId: AC8  actor: Warner Oland
movieId: AC8  actor: Eugenie Besserer
movieId: AC8  actor: Otto Lederer
movieId: AC9  actor: Conrad Nagel
movieId: AC9  actor: Dolores Costello
movieId: AC9  actor: John Miljan
movieId: AC9  actor: Marc McDermott
movieId: AC9  actor: Betty Blythe
movieId: AC9  actor: Paul Panzer
movieId: AC9  actor: Michael Vavitch
movieId: AC9  actor: Pasquale Amato
movieId: AC20  actor: Edmund Lowe
movieId: AC20  actor: Valerie Hobson
movieId: AC20  actor: Vera Engels
movieId: AC20  actor: Henry Mollison
movieId: AC20  actor: Lumsden Hare
movieId: AC20  actor: Spring Byington
movieId: AC20  actor: Charles Waldron
movieId: AC20  actor: Dwight Frye
movieId: ACa40  actor: Leslie Banks
movieId: ACa40  actor: Elizabeth Allen
movieId: ACa40  actor: Frank Lawton
movieId: ACa40  actor: Basil Sidney
movieId: ACa40  actor: Valerie Taylor
movieId: ACa40  actor: Mervyn Johns
movieId: ACa40  actor: Edward Rigby
movieId: ACa40  actor: Marie Lohr
movieId: ACa40  actor: C.V. France
movieId: ACa40  actor: David Farrar
movieId: ACa50  actor: Mervyn Jones
movieId: ACa50  actor: Roland Culver
movieId: ACa50  actor: Mary Merrall
movieId: ACa50  actor: Judy Kelly
movieId: ACa50  actor: Anthony Baird
movieId: ACa50  actor: Miles Malleson
movieId: ACa50  actor: Sally Ann Howes
movieId: ACa50  actor: Frederick Valk
movieId: ACa50  actor: Googie Withers
movieId: ACa50  actor: Ralph Michael
movieId: ACa50  actor: Esm\'e Percy
movieId: ACa50  actor: Basil Radford
movieId: ACa50  actor: Naunton Wayne
movieId: ACa50  actor: Michael Redgrave
movieId: ACa50  actor: Hartley Power
movieId: ACa50  actor: Frederick Valk
movieId: ACa50  actor: Elizabeth Welch
movieId: ACa60  actor: Derek Bond
movieId: ACa60  actor: Cedric Hardwicke
movieId: ACa60  actor: Alfred Drayton
movieId: ACa60  actor: Sybil Thorndyke
movieId: ACa60  actor: Stanley Holloway
movieId: ACa60  actor: Sally Ann Howes
movieId: ACa60  actor: Jill Balcon
movieId: ACa60  actor: Cyril Fletcher
movieId: ACa60  actor: Fay Compton
movieId: ACa60  actor: s a
movieId: ACa60  actor: s a
movieId: ACf10  actor: Cameron Finley
movieId: ACf10  actor: Christopher McDonald
movieId: ACf10  actor: Janine Turner
movieId: ACf10  actor: Erik vonDetten
movieId: AcG10  actor: Pina Menichelli
movieId: ACj110  actor: Myron McCormick
movieId: ACj110  actor: Frankie Darro
movieId: ACj110  actor: Linda Lawson
movieId: ACj110  actor: Pat Harrington~jr.
movieId: ACj110  actor: Will Kuluva
movieId: ACj110  actor: Leonard Weinrib
movieId: ACj110  actor: Edmon Ryan
movieId: ACj110  actor: William Sharon
movieId: ACj111  actor: Robert Loggia
movieId: ACj111  actor: Doris Dowling
movieId: ACj111  actor: Will Kuluva
movieId: ACj111  actor: Wolfe Barzell
movieId: ACj111  actor: Monica May
movieId: ACj112  actor: Arthur Hill
movieId: ACj112  actor: R.G. Armstrong
movieId: ACj112  actor: Rod Cameron
movieId: ACj113  actor: Rip Torn
movieId: ACj113  actor: Mary Munday
movieId: ACj113  actor: Ken Patterson
movieId: ACj113  actor: Florence McMichael
movieId: ACj113  actor: Harry Swooger
movieId: ACj113  actor: Don Keefer
movieId: ACj113  actor: Frank Sully
movieId: ACj113  actor: Bert Freed
movieId: ACj114  actor: Lee Phillips
movieId: ACj114  actor: Gia Scala
movieId: ACj114  actor: Les Tremaye
movieId: ACj114  actor: Ann Stanton
movieId: ACj114  actor: Russell Collins
movieId: ACj115  actor: Peter Falk
movieId: ACj115  actor: Paul Hartman
movieId: ACj115  actor: Edmund Haskin
movieId: ACj115  actor: John Dennis
movieId: ACj115  actor: Bert Rensen
movieId: ACj115  actor: Karl Lukas
movieId: ACj115  actor: Ada Stewart
movieId: ACj115  actor: Phil Gordon
movieId: ACj115  actor: Clegg Hoyt
movieId: ACj116  actor: Susan Harrison
movieId: ACj117  actor: John Emery
movieId: ACj117  actor: Jo vanFleet
movieId: ACj117  actor: Alice Frost
movieId: ACj118  actor: Paul Ford
movieId: ACj118  actor: Billy Gray
movieId: ACj118  actor: Frank Maxwell
movieId: ACj119  actor: Anne Francis
movieId: ACj119  actor: Edmund Hashim
movieId: ACj119  actor: Jack Ging
movieId: ACj120  actor: Duke Howard
movieId: ACj120  actor: Burt Brinckerhoff
movieId: ACj121  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: ACj121  actor: Russell Collins
movieId: ACj121  actor: George Clarke
movieId: ACj121  actor: Joby Baker
movieId: ACj121  actor: Bernard Kates
movieId: ACj121  actor: King Calder
movieId: ACj121  actor: Bob Karnes
movieId: ACj121  actor: Bert Remsen
movieId: ACj121  actor: Harry Swoger
movieId: ACj122  actor: Barbara Baxley
movieId: ACj122  actor: Ted Newton
movieId: ACj122  actor: Robert Loggia
movieId: ACj122  actor: Richard Gaines
movieId: ACj123  actor: Lola Allbright
movieId: ACj123  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: ACj124  actor: Mark Miller
movieId: ACj124  actor: Vivienne Segal
movieId: ACj124  actor: Pat Breslin
movieId: ACj125  actor: Brian Hutton
movieId: ACj125  actor: Anne Helm
movieId: ACj125  actor: Wayne Rogers
movieId: ACj126  actor: Brian Keith
movieId: ACj126  actor: Patricia Breslin
movieId: ACj126  actor: Claudia Cravey
movieId: ACj127  actor: Robert Sterling
movieId: ACj127  actor: Billy Mumy
movieId: ACj127  actor: MacDonald Carey
movieId: ACj127  actor: Peggy McKay
movieId: ACj127  actor: s a
movieId: ACj128  actor: Michael Wilding
movieId: ACj128  actor: Anna Lee
movieId: ACj128  actor: Katherine Crawford
movieId: ACj128  actor: Randy Boone
movieId: ACj128  actor: James Anderson
movieId: ACj128  actor: Jesse Jacobs
movieId: ACj128  actor: Frank Albertson
movieId: ACj128  actor: Russ Conway
movieId: ACj128  actor: Karl Lukas
movieId: ACj128  actor: Rose Montiel
movieId: ACl10  actor: George Costigan
movieId: ACl10  actor: Siobhan Finneran
movieId: ACl10  actor: Michelle Holmes
movieId: ACl10  actor: Lesley Sharp
movieId: ACl10  actor: Kulvinder Ghir
movieId: ACt10  actor: Marshall Thompson
movieId: ACu15  actor: Laura Dern
movieId: ACu15  actor: Alan Rickman
movieId: ACu15  actor: Diane Ladd
movieId: ACu20  actor: Liesel Mathews
movieId: ACu20  actor: Eleanor Brown
movieId: ACu23  actor: Gwyneth Paltrow
movieId: ACu23  actor: E-than Hawke
movieId: ACu23  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: ACu23  actor: Anne Bancroft
movieId: ACu27  actor: Diego Luna
movieId: ACu27  actor: Gael Garcia Bernal
movieId: ACu27  actor: Maribel Verdu
movieId: ACu27  actor: sa
movieId: ACu27  actor: sa
movieId: ACv10  actor: Catherine Mouchet
movieId: ACv10  actor: Aurore Prieto
movieId: ACv10  actor: Sylvie Habault
movieId: ACx10  actor: Harry Dean Stanton
movieId: ACx10  actor: Emilio Estevez
movieId: ACx10  actor: Tracey Walker
movieId: ACx10  actor: Vonetta McGee
movieId: ACx10  actor: Fox Harris
movieId: ACx12  actor: Gary Oldman
movieId: ACx12  actor: Chloe Webb
movieId: ACx12  actor: David Hayman
movieId: ACy10  actor: Pierre Brasseur
movieId: ACy10  actor: Anouk Aimee
movieId: ACy10  actor: Serge Reggiani
movieId: ACy14  actor: Claude Noiller
movieId: ACy14  actor: Valentine Tessier
movieId: ACy20  actor: Curt Jurgens
movieId: ACy20  actor: Folco Lulli
movieId: ACy20  actor: Lea Padovani
movieId: ACy38  actor: Jean Gabin
movieId: ACy38  actor: Sophia Loren
movieId: ACy38  actor: Henri Garcin
movieId: ACy38  actor: Julien Bertheau
movieId: AD40  actor: Semyon Shaigada
movieId: AD40  actor: Stepan Shkurat
movieId: AD40  actor: Sergei Stolyarov
movieId: ADA10  actor: Lyda Bonelli
movieId: ADA10  actor: Mario Bonnard
movieId: AdB21  actor: Ivor Novello
movieId: AdB21  actor: Mary Clare
movieId: AdB21  actor: Mabel Poulton
movieId: AdB21  actor: Benita Hume
movieId: ADg10  actor: Christopher Dienstag
movieId: ADg10  actor: Monica Caldwell
movieId: AdI15  actor: Rosie Perez
movieId: AdI15  actor: Javier Pardem
movieId: AdI15  actor: James Gandolfini
movieId: AdI15  actor: Screamin' Jay Hawkins
movieId: AdI15  actor: s a
movieId: AdI15  actor: s a
movieId: AdL5  actor: Jennifer Beale
movieId: AdL5  actor: Michael Nouri
movieId: AdL5  actor: Lilia Skala
movieId: AdL5  actor: Sunny Johnson
movieId: AdL5  actor: Kyle T. Hefner
movieId: AdL5  actor: Belinda Bauer
movieId: AdL5  actor: Irine Cara
movieId: AdL6  actor: Kim Basinger
movieId: AdL6  actor: Mickey Rourke
movieId: AdL6  actor: Margaret Whitton
movieId: AdL6  actor: Karen Young
movieId: AdL6  actor: Roderick Cook
movieId: AdL6  actor: David Margulin
movieId: AdL6  actor: Cyntia Cruz
movieId: AdL6  actor: Raynor Scheine
movieId: AdL6  actor: Olek Krup
movieId: AdL6  actor: Dwight West
movieId: AdL10  actor: Michael Douglas
movieId: AdL10  actor: Glenn Close
movieId: AdL10  actor: Anne Archer
movieId: AdL10  actor: Ellen Hamilton Latzen
movieId: AdL10  actor: Stuart Pankin
movieId: AdL14  actor: Tim Robbins
movieId: AdL14  actor: Elizabeth Pena
movieId: AdL14  actor: Danny Aiello
movieId: AdL14  actor: Patricia Kalember
movieId: AdL16  actor: Woody Harrison
movieId: AdL16  actor: Demi Moore
movieId: AdL16  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: AdL16  actor: Tommy Rile
movieId: AdL16  actor: Oliver Platt
movieId: AdL20  actor: Jeremy Irons
movieId: AdL20  actor: Dominique Swain
movieId: AdL20  actor: Melanie Griffith
movieId: AdL20  actor: Frank Langella
movieId: AdL20  actor: Ben Silverstone
movieId: AdL20  actor: Emma GriffithsMalin
movieId: AdL20  actor: Suzanne Shepherd
movieId: AdL25  actor: Richard Gere
movieId: AdL25  actor: Diane Lane
movieId: AdL25  actor: Oliver Martinez
movieId: AdL25  actor: Erik Per Sullivan
movieId: ADr10  actor: Richard Todd
movieId: ADr10  actor: Susan Oliver
movieId: ADr10  actor: James MacArthur
movieId: ADr10  actor: Joe Pyne
movieId: ADr10  actor: Mark Goddard
movieId: ADr10  actor: The Chocolate Watchband
movieId: ADr10  actor: New Age
movieId: ADT9  actor: Merle Oberon
movieId: ADT9  actor: Franchot Tone
movieId: ADT9  actor: Elisha Cook~jr.
movieId: ADT12  actor: Veronica Lake
movieId: ADT12  actor: Joel McCrae
movieId: ADT12  actor: Preston Foster
movieId: ADT12  actor: Charles Ruggles
movieId: ADT12  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: ADT12  actor: Arleen Wheelan
movieId: ADT12  actor: Lloyd Bridges
movieId: ADT18  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: ADT18  actor: Frank Lovejoy
movieId: ADT18  actor: Phyllis Kirk
movieId: ADT18  actor: Charles Buchinsky
movieId: ADT18  actor: Carolyn Jones
movieId: ADv10  actor: Stephen Seagal
movieId: ADv12  actor: Chuck Norris
movieId: ADv14  actor: Tommy Lee Jones
movieId: ADv15  actor: Stephen Seagal
movieId: ADv15  actor: Tommy Lee Jones
movieId: ADv17  actor: Jeroen Krabbe
movieId: ADv17  actor: Julianne Moore
movieId: ADv22  actor: Michael Douglas
movieId: ADv22  actor: Gwyneth Paltrow
movieId: ADv22  actor: Viggo Mortensen
movieId: ADv22  actor: David Suchet
movieId: ADv22  actor: Sarita Choudhury
movieId: ADw5  actor: Pauline Bush
movieId: ADw6  actor: J.Warren Kerrigan
movieId: ADw6  actor: Jack Richardson
movieId: ADw6  actor: George Periolat
movieId: ADw17  actor: Douglas Fairbanks
movieId: ADw17  actor: Wallace Beery
movieId: ADw17  actor: s a
movieId: ADw17  actor: s a
movieId: ADw17  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: ADw17  actor: Enid Bennett
movieId: ADw22  actor: Douglas Fairbanks~sr
movieId: ADw22  actor: Walter Abel
movieId: ADw22  actor: Margot Grahame
movieId: ADw22  actor: Miles Mander
movieId: ADw27  actor: Gloria Swanson
movieId: ADw27  actor: Tom Moore
movieId: ADw27  actor: Frank Morgan
movieId: ADw27  actor: Lilyan Tashman
movieId: ADw27  actor: Ian Keith
movieId: ADw27  actor: Paul McAllister
movieId: ADw27  actor: Arthur Houseman
movieId: ADw27  actor: Ann Penningtin
movieId: ADw35  actor: Shirley Temple
movieId: ADw35  actor: Jean Hersholt
movieId: ADw35  actor: Arthur Treacher
movieId: ADw35  actor: Helen Westley
movieId: ADw35  actor: Pauline Moore
movieId: ADw35  actor: Mary Nash
movieId: ADw35  actor: Thomas beck
movieId: ADw35  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: ADw35  actor: Mady Christians
movieId: ADw35  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: ADw35  actor: Marcia Mae
movieId: ADw35  actor: Christian Rub
movieId: ADw40  actor: Shirley Temple
movieId: ADw40  actor: Randolph Scott
movieId: ADw40  actor: Jack Haley
movieId: ADw40  actor: Gloria Stuart
movieId: ADw40  actor: Phyllis Brooks
movieId: ADw40  actor: Helen Westlet
movieId: ADw40  actor: Slim Summerville
movieId: ADw40  actor: Bojangles Robinson
movieId: ADw41  actor: Tyrone Power
movieId: ADw41  actor: Annabelle
movieId: ADw41  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: ADw41  actor: J. Edward Bromberg
movieId: ADw41  actor: Joseph Schildkraut
movieId: ADw41  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: ADw41  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: ADw41  actor: Maurice Moscovitch
movieId: ADw41  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: ADw41  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: ADw41  actor: Miles Mander
movieId: ADw41  actor: George Zucco
movieId: ADw41  actor: Leon Ames
movieId: ADw41  actor: Rafaela Ottiano
movieId: ADw41  actor: Brandon Hurst
movieId: ADw45  actor: Don Ameche
movieId: ADw45  actor: The Ritz~Brothers
movieId: ADw45  actor: Binnie Barnes
movieId: ADw45  actor: Joseph Schildkraut
movieId: ADw45  actor: Lionel Atwill
movieId: ADw45  actor: Gloria Stuart
movieId: ADw45  actor: Miles Mander
movieId: ADw52  actor: Kay Kyser
movieId: ADw52  actor: Ish Kabibble
movieId: ADw52  actor: Ginny Simms
movieId: ADw52  actor: Joan Davis
movieId: ADw52  actor: Mischa Auer
movieId: ADw60  actor: John Wayne
movieId: ADw60  actor: John Agar
movieId: ADw60  actor: Forrest Tucker
movieId: ADw60  actor: Artur Franz
movieId: ADw60  actor: Julie Bishop
movieId: ADw60  actor: Wally Cassell
movieId: ADw60  actor: Richard Jaecker
movieId: ADw60  actor: Richard Webb
movieId: ADw70  actor: Barbara Stanwyk
movieId: ADw70  actor: Ronald Reagan
movieId: ADw70  actor: Gene Evans
movieId: ADw70  actor: Lance Fuller
movieId: ADw70  actor: Anthony Caruso
movieId: ADw70  actor: Jack Elam
movieId: ADw72  actor: Cornel Wilde
movieId: ADw72  actor: Yvonne deCarlo
movieId: ADw72  actor: Yvonne deCarlo
movieId: ADw72  actor: Raymond Burr
movieId: ADw72  actor: Lon Chaney~jr
movieId: ADw72  actor: Rodolfo Acosta
movieId: ADw72  actor: John Qualen
movieId: ADw72  actor: Anthony Caruso
movieId: ADw72  actor: Frank deKova
movieId: ADw75  actor: John Payne
movieId: ADw75  actor: Ronald Reagan
movieId: ADw75  actor: Coleen Gray
movieId: ADw75  actor: Rhonda Fleming
movieId: ADw75  actor: Anthony caruso
movieId: ADw75  actor: Morris Ankrum
movieId: ADw75  actor: Leo Gordon
movieId: ADw75  actor: Myron Healey
movieId: ADw75  actor: Joe Devlin
movieId: ADw75  actor: John Mansfield
movieId: ADw78  actor: Virginia Mayo
movieId: ADw78  actor: Dennis Morgan
movieId: ADw78  actor: David Farrar
movieId: ADw78  actor: Murvyn Vye
movieId: ADw78  actor: Lance Fuller
movieId: ADw78  actor: Basil Ruysdael
movieId: ADw78  actor: Lisa Montell
movieId: ADw80  actor: Arlene Dahl
movieId: ADw80  actor: Rhonda Fleming
movieId: ADw80  actor: John Payne
movieId: ADw80  actor: Kent Taylor
movieId: ADx1  actor: Senne Roufaer
movieId: ADx1  actor: Beata Tyskiewicz
movieId: ADx1  actor: Luc Phillips
movieId: ADx1  actor: s a
movieId: ADx1  actor: s a
movieId: ADx1  actor: s a
movieId: ADx11  actor: s a
movieId: ADx11  actor: s a
movieId: ADx11  actor: Arletta Emery
movieId: ADx12  actor: Ives Montand
movieId: ADx12  actor: Anouk Aimee
movieId: ADx13  actor: Mathieu Carriere
movieId: ADx13  actor: Daniel Delorme
movieId: ADx13  actor: Bulle Ogier
movieId: ADx13  actor: Anna Karina
movieId: ADx14  actor: JeanLuc Bideau
movieId: ADx14  actor: s a
movieId: ADx14  actor: Adriana Bogdan
movieId: ADx14  actor: s a
movieId: ADx14  actor: Daniele Delorme
movieId: ADx25  actor: s a
movieId: ADx30  actor: MarieChristine Barrault
movieId: ADx30  actor: Rutger Hauer
movieId: ADx30  actor: Roger vanHool
movieId: ADx37  actor: Fanny Ardant
movieId: ADx37  actor: Mathieu Carriere
movieId: ADx37  actor: Francoise Fabian
movieId: ADx37  actor: Vittorio Gassman
movieId: ADx39  actor: s a
movieId: ADx39  actor: Jaques Sojcher
movieId: ADx39  actor: Denise Debbaut
movieId: ADx45  actor: GianMaria Volonte
movieId: ADz10  actor: Michael Rappaport
movieId: ADz10  actor: NBushe Wright
movieId: ADz10  actor: DeShonn Castle
movieId: ADz10  actor: Paul Butler
movieId: ADz10  actor: Ray Sharkey
movieId: ADz10  actor: Ron Johnson
movieId: ADz15  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: ADz15  actor: Fairuza Balk
movieId: ADz15  actor: Elisabeth Moss
movieId: ADz15  actor: Kelly Lynch
movieId: AEG25  actor: Wallace Reid
movieId: AEG25  actor: Lila Lee
movieId: AEG25  actor: Walter Heirs
movieId: AEG25  actor: Arthur Edmund Carewe
movieId: AEG25  actor: J.Farrell MacDonald
movieId: AEG25  actor: Snitz Edwards
movieId: AEG37  actor: Barbara Stanwyck
movieId: AEG37  actor: Nat Pendleton
movieId: AEG41  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: AEG41  actor: Franchot Tone
movieId: AEG41  actor: Margaret Lindsay
movieId: AEG41  actor: Alison Skipworth
movieId: AEG41  actor: John Eldridge
movieId: AEG41  actor: Dick Foran
movieId: AEG50  actor: Gracie Allen
movieId: AEG50  actor: Warren Williams
movieId: AEG50  actor: Donald McBride
movieId: AEG50  actor: Kent Taylor
movieId: AEG50  actor: Ellen drew
movieId: AEG50  actor: H.B. Warner
movieId: AEG50  actor: Horace MacMahon
movieId: AEG50  actor: William Demarest
movieId: AEG60  actor: Larry Parks
movieId: AEG60  actor: Al Jolson
movieId: AEG60  actor: William Demarest
movieId: AEG60  actor: Evelyn Keyes
movieId: AEG60  actor: Ludwig Donath
movieId: AEG60  actor: Tamara Shayne
movieId: AEG60  actor: Bill Goodwin
movieId: AEG60  actor: Scotty Beckett
movieId: AEG60  actor: John Alexander
movieId: AEG70  actor: Keefe Brasselle
movieId: AEG70  actor: Eddie Cantor
movieId: AEG70  actor: Marllyn Erskine
movieId: AEG70  actor: Aline MacMahon
movieId: AEG70  actor: Arthur Franz
movieId: AEG70  actor: Alex Gerry
movieId: AEG70  actor: Gerald Mohr
movieId: AEG70  actor: William Forrest
movieId: AEG70  actor: Will Rogers jr.
movieId: AES10  actor: Oliver Hardy
movieId: AES10  actor: Stan Laurel
movieId: AES10  actor: s a
movieId: AES11  actor: W.C. Fields
movieId: AES11  actor: Louise Brooks
movieId: AES70  actor: Edward Arnold
movieId: AES70  actor: Jean Arthur
movieId: AES70  actor: Binnie Barnes
movieId: AES70  actor: Cesar Romero
movieId: AES70  actor: Eric Blore
movieId: AES74  actor: W.C.Fields
movieId: AES74  actor: Peggy Hopkins Joyce
movieId: AES74  actor: Stuart Erwin
movieId: AES74  actor: George Burns
movieId: AES74  actor: Gracie Allen
movieId: AES80  actor: Oliver Hardy
movieId: AES80  actor: Stan Laurel
movieId: AES80  actor: Jean Parker
movieId: AES80  actor: Reginald Gardiner
movieId: AES85  actor: John Barrymore
movieId: AES85  actor: Viriginia Bruce
movieId: AES85  actor: John Howard
movieId: AES85  actor: Charlie Ruggles
movieId: AES85  actor: Margaret Hamilton
movieId: AES85  actor: Thurston Hall
movieId: AES85  actor: Oscar Homolka
movieId: AES85  actor: Mary Gordon
movieId: AES85  actor: Charles Lane
movieId: AES85  actor: Ed Brophy
movieId: AES85  actor: Maria Montez
movieId: AES85  actor: Shemp Howard
movieId: AES85  actor: Judith Anderson
movieId: AES90  actor: Allan Jones
movieId: AES90  actor: Nancy Kelly
movieId: AES90  actor: Bud Abbott
movieId: AES90  actor: Lou Costello
movieId: AES90  actor: Bob Cummings
movieId: AES90  actor: Leo Carillo
movieId: AES90  actor: Peggy Moran
movieId: AES90  actor: Mary Boland
movieId: AES100  actor: George Raft
movieId: AES100  actor: Vera Zorina
movieId: AES100  actor: Charley Grapwin
movieId: AES100  actor: Grace MacDonald
movieId: AES100  actor: Charles Butterworth
movieId: AES100  actor: George Macready
movieId: AES100  actor: Elizabeth Patterson
movieId: AES100  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: AES100  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: AES100  actor: Jeanette MacDonald
movieId: AES100  actor: Dinah Shore
movieId: AES100  actor: W.C. Fields
movieId: AES100  actor: The Andrews~Sisters
movieId: AES100  actor: Sophie Tucker
movieId: AES100  actor: Artur Rubinstein
movieId: AEy2  actor: Patrick Tierney
movieId: AEy9  actor: Elias Koteas
movieId: AEy9  actor: Arsinee Khanjian
movieId: AEy12  actor: Atom Egoyan
movieId: AEy12  actor: Arsinee Khanjian
movieId: AEy12  actor: Ashot Adamian
movieId: AEy14  actor: Bruce Greenwood
movieId: AEy14  actor: Mia Kirshner
movieId: AEy14  actor: Don McKellar
movieId: AEy14  actor: Elias Koteas
movieId: AEy16  actor: Ian Holm
movieId: AEy16  actor: Bruce Greenwood
movieId: AEy16  actor: Caerthan Banks
movieId: AEy16  actor: Gabrielle Rose
movieId: AEy16  actor: Alberta Watson
movieId: AEy16  actor: Sarah Polley
movieId: AEy16  actor: Arsinee Khanjian
movieId: AEy18  actor: Elaine Cassidy
movieId: AEy18  actor: Peter McDonald
movieId: AEy18  actor: Bob Hoskins
movieId: AEy18  actor: Arsinee Khanjian
movieId: AfA10  actor: Lumi Cavazos
movieId: AfA10  actor: Marco Leonardo
movieId: AfA10  actor: Regina Torre
movieId: AfA10  actor: s a
movieId: AfA10  actor: s a
movieId: AfA10  actor: s a
movieId: AfA10  actor: Teodoro Bastida
movieId: AfA10  actor: s a
movieId: AFl10  actor: Lara Flynn Boyle
movieId: AFl10  actor: Stephen Baldwin
movieId: AFl10  actor: Josh Charles
movieId: AHa10  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: AHa10  actor: Peter OToole
movieId: AHa10  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: AHa10  actor: Jane Merrow
movieId: AHa10  actor: John Castle
movieId: AHa10  actor: Nigel Terry
movieId: AHa10  actor: Timothy Dalton
movieId: AGi10  actor: Yael Abecassis
movieId: AGi10  actor: Meitel Barda
movieId: AHo1  actor: Candice Rialson
movieId: AHo1  actor: Maya Rojo
movieId: AHo1  actor: Carlos Judd
movieId: AHo1  actor: Robin Mattson
movieId: AHo1  actor: John Hudson
movieId: AG20  actor: Albert Dieudonne
movieId: AG20  actor: Antonin Artaud
movieId: AG20  actor: Pierre Batcheff
movieId: AG20  actor: Conrad Veidt
movieId: AG30  actor: Abel Gance
movieId: AG30  actor: Colette Darfeuil
movieId: AG30  actor: Sylvia Grenade
movieId: AG30  actor: Victor Franceen
movieId: AG40  actor: Albert Dieudonne
movieId: AG40  actor: Antonin Artaud
movieId: AG40  actor: Pierre Batcheff
movieId: AG70  actor: Roland Bartrop
movieId: AGe20  actor: Carmen Boni
movieId: AGe20  actor: Lia Crithi
movieId: AGe20  actor: Hans Junkermann
movieId: AGe20  actor: Max Schreck
movieId: AGe20  actor: Carl Goetz
movieId: AGe20  actor: Karl Platen
movieId: AGe20  actor: Oreste Bilancia
movieId: AgH1  actor: Christopher Lamber
movieId: AgH1  actor: Ed Harris
movieId: AgH5  actor: Armin Mueller Stahl
movieId: AgH5  actor: s a
movieId: AgH10  actor: Marco Hofschneider
movieId: AgH10  actor: Rene Hofschneider
movieId: AgH10  actor: Julie Delpy
movieId: AgH10  actor: Solomon Perel
movieId: AgH10  actor: Andre Wilms
movieId: AgH10  actor: Halina Labonarska
movieId: AgH10  actor: s a
movieId: AgH10  actor: s a
movieId: AgH10  actor: s a
movieId: AgH13  actor: Emmanuel Morozov
movieId: AgH13  actor: Francois Cluzet
movieId: AgH13  actor: Brigitte Rouan
movieId: AgH13  actor: Faye Gatteau
movieId: AgH15  actor: Kate Maberly
movieId: AgH15  actor: John Lynch
movieId: AgH15  actor: Andrew Knott
movieId: AgH15  actor: Heydon Prowse
movieId: AgH15  actor: Maggie Smith
movieId: AgH19  actor: Jennifer Jason Leigh
movieId: AgH19  actor: Ben Chaplin
movieId: AgH19  actor: Albert Finney
movieId: AMt10  actor: Ludovic Vandendaele
movieId: AMt10  actor: Erick daSilva
movieId: AMt10  actor: Sandrine Blancke
movieId: AMt15  actor: Valentina Cervi
movieId: AMt15  actor: Michel Serrault
movieId: AGl10  actor: Armand Assante
movieId: AGl10  actor: Antonio Banderas
movieId: AGl10  actor: Cathy Motiarty
movieId: AGl10  actor: Talisa Soto
movieId: AGl10  actor: Desi Arnaz~jr.
movieId: AGl10  actor: Maruschka Detmers
movieId: AGl12  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: AGl12  actor: Kate Capshaw
movieId: AGl12  actor: Laurence Fishburne
movieId: AGl12  actor: Blair Underwood
movieId: AGl12  actor: Ruby Dee
movieId: AGl12  actor: Ed Harris
movieId: AGm10  actor: Richard Gross
movieId: AGm10  actor: Alexis Arquette
movieId: AGm10  actor: Helen Sork
movieId: AGm10  actor: Jennifer Elisa cox
movieId: AGm10  actor: Morgan Sheppard
movieId: AGm10  actor: Jennifer Aspen
movieId: AGr10  actor: Richard Boone
movieId: AGr10  actor: Joan vanArk
movieId: AGs10  actor: Conrad Hall
movieId: AGs10  actor: Ernest Dickerson
movieId: AGs10  actor: Vilmos Zsigmond
movieId: AGs10  actor: Gordon Willis
movieId: AGs10  actor: Allen Daviau
movieId: AGs10  actor: Caleb Deschanel
movieId: AGs10  actor: Haskell Wexler
movieId: AGs10  actor: Allen Daviau
movieId: AGs10  actor: John Bailey
movieId: AGs10  actor: Nestor Almendros
movieId: AHb20  actor: Frederick Stafford
movieId: AHb20  actor: Mylene Demongeot
movieId: AHu1  actor: Lam ChiCheung
movieId: AHu1  actor: Cora Miao
movieId: AiE10  actor: Ramblin' Jack Elliott
movieId: AiE10  actor: Arlo Guthrie
movieId: AiE10  actor: Nora Guthrie
movieId: AiE10  actor: Pete Seeger
movieId: AiE10  actor: Odetta
movieId: AiE10  actor: Dave vanRonk
movieId: AiE10  actor: Kris Kristofferson
movieId: AiE10  actor: Aiyana Elliott
movieId: AiE10  actor: Martha Elliott
movieId: AII1  actor: Gerald Barray
movieId: AII1  actor: Alberto deMendoza
movieId: AII1  actor: Gianna Maria Canale
movieId: AII3  actor: Gary Lockwood
movieId: AII3  actor: Elke Sommer
movieId: AiN10  actor: Madjid Nirumand
movieId: AJa1  actor: Laura SanGiacomo
movieId: AJa1  actor: Paul Rhys
movieId: AJa1  actor: Michael OKeefe
movieId: AJa1  actor: Fisher Stevens
movieId: AJa1  actor: Cristi Conaway
movieId: AJa1  actor: s a
movieId: AJd10  actor: Sophie Marceau
movieId: AJG50  actor: Stan Laurel
movieId: AJG50  actor: Oliver Hardy
movieId: AJG50  actor: James Finlayson
movieId: AJG50  actor: Forrester Harvey
movieId: AJG50  actor: Wilfrid Lucas
movieId: AJG50  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: AJG50  actor: Eddie Borden
movieId: AJo10  actor: Jamie Lee Curtis
movieId: AJo10  actor: James Keach
movieId: AJo10  actor: Matt Clark
movieId: AJo10  actor: Bonnie Bartlett
movieId: AJo10  actor: Amy Madigan
movieId: AJP1  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: AJP1  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: AJP1  actor: Roy Scheider
movieId: AJP1  actor: Charles Cioffi
movieId: AJP1  actor: Rita Gam
movieId: AJP1  actor: Dorothy Tristan
movieId: AJP1  actor: Richard Shull
movieId: AJP1  actor: Anthony Holland
movieId: AJP1  actor: Jane White
movieId: AJP2  actor: Warren Beatty
movieId: AJP2  actor: Paula Prentiss
movieId: AJP2  actor: Hume Cronyn
movieId: AJP2  actor: William Daniels
movieId: AJP2  actor: Walter McGinn
movieId: AJP3  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: AJP3  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: AJP3  actor: Richard Nixon
movieId: AJP3  actor: Jason Robards~jr
movieId: AJP3  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: AJP3  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: AJP3  actor: Hal Holbrook
movieId: AJP3  actor: F. Murray Abraham
movieId: AJP3  actor: Jane Alexander
movieId: AJP3  actor: Meredith Baxter
movieId: AJP3  actor: Pat Nixon
movieId: AJP5  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: AJP5  actor: Jill Clayburgh
movieId: AJP5  actor: Candice Bergen
movieId: AJP5  actor: Kevin Bacon
movieId: AJP5  actor: Tony Romano
movieId: AJP6  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: AJP6  actor: Kris Kristofferson
movieId: AJP6  actor: Hume Cronyn
movieId: AJP7  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: AJP7  actor: Kevin Kline
movieId: AJP7  actor: Peter MacNicol
movieId: AJP7  actor: Rita Karin
movieId: AJP7  actor: Stephen d. Newman
movieId: AJP7  actor: Josh Mostel
movieId: AJP15  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: AJP15  actor: Bonnie Bedalla
movieId: AJP15  actor: Raul Julia
movieId: AJP15  actor: Greta Scacchi
movieId: AJP15  actor: Brian Dennehy
movieId: AJP15  actor: Paul Winfield
movieId: AJP15  actor: Bradley Whitford
movieId: AJP25  actor: Julia Roberts
movieId: AJP25  actor: Denzel Washington
movieId: AJP25  actor: Robert Culp
movieId: AJP25  actor: Hume Cronyn
movieId: AJP25  actor: John Litgow
movieId: AJP25  actor: John Heard
movieId: AJP29  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: AJP29  actor: Brad Pitt
movieId: AJP29  actor: Margaret Colin
movieId: AJP29  actor: Ruben Blades
movieId: AJP29  actor: Treat Williams
movieId: AJP29  actor: George Hearn
movieId: AJP29  actor: x Ryan
movieId: AJP29  actor: Natascha McElhone
movieId: AJP29  actor: Ashley Ohara
movieId: AJs1  actor: Lina Basquette
movieId: AJs1  actor: Richard Barthelmess
movieId: AJs1  actor: Alice Joyce
movieId: AJs1  actor: Thelma Todd
movieId: AJy10  actor: Alexandro Jodorowsky
movieId: AJy10  actor: s a
movieId: AJy10  actor: s a
movieId: AJy10  actor: s a
movieId: AJy10  actor: s a
movieId: AJy10  actor: s a
movieId: AJy10  actor: s a
movieId: AJy10  actor: s a
movieId: AK50  actor: Pierre Fresnay
movieId: AK50  actor: Raimu
movieId: AK50  actor: Orane D\'emazis
movieId: AK57  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: AK57  actor: Merle Oberon
movieId: AK57  actor: Binnie Barnes
movieId: AK57  actor: Wendy Barrie
movieId: AK57  actor: Elsa Lanchester
movieId: AK59  actor: Douglas Fairbanks
movieId: AK90  actor: Vivien Leigh
movieId: AK90  actor: Laurence Oliver
movieId: AK90  actor: Alan Mowbray
movieId: AK90  actor: Sara Allgood
movieId: AK90  actor: Gladys Cooper
movieId: AK90  actor: Henry Wilcoxon
movieId: AK90  actor: Heather Angel
movieId: AKa5  actor: Turo Pajala
movieId: AKa5  actor: Susanna Haavisto
movieId: AKa5  actor: Matti Pellonpaa
movieId: AKa15  actor: Kati Outinen
movieId: AKa15  actor: Elina Salo
movieId: AKa15  actor: Esko Nikkari
movieId: AKa15  actor: Vesa Vierikko
movieId: AKa20  actor: Andre Wilms
movieId: AKa20  actor: Matti Pellon\"a\"A
movieId: AKa20  actor: Kari V\"a\"ana\"anen
movieId: AKa20  actor: s a
movieId: AKa20  actor: Christine Murillo
movieId: AKa20  actor: Evelyne Didi
movieId: AKa20  actor: Laike
movieId: AKe1  actor: Madonna
movieId: AKe1  actor: Sandra Bernhard
movieId: AKe1  actor: Kevin Costner
movieId: AKe1  actor: Warren Beatty
movieId: AKe5  actor: Joe Pesci
movieId: AKe5  actor: Brendan Fraser
movieId: AKe5  actor: Moira Kelly
movieId: AKe5  actor: Patrick Dempsey
movieId: AKe5  actor: Josh Hamilton
movieId: AKe5  actor: Gore Vidal
movieId: AKj10  actor: Crahan Denton
movieId: AKj10  actor: Jeanette Nolan
movieId: AKj10  actor: Susan Silo
movieId: AKj11  actor: James Mason
movieId: AKj11  actor: Angie Dickinson
movieId: AKj11  actor: Ed Nelson
movieId: AKj12  actor: David Wayne
movieId: AKj12  actor: William Conrad
movieId: AKj13  actor: Zohra Lampert
movieId: AKj13  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: AKj13  actor: Barry Morse
movieId: AKj14  actor: Michael Parks
movieId: AKj14  actor: Joby Baker
movieId: AKj15  actor: Bob Newhart
movieId: AKj15  actor: Jane Withers
movieId: AKj16  actor: Diana Hyland
movieId: AKj16  actor: Jeremy Slate
movieId: AKj16  actor: Mildred Dunnock
movieId: AKj16  actor: Abraham Sofaer
movieId: AKj17  actor: Felicia Farr
movieId: AKj17  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: AKj17  actor: David White
movieId: AKj18  actor: Donnelly Rhodes
movieId: AKj18  actor: s a
movieId: AKj19  actor: Bsarbara Barrie
movieId: AKj19  actor: Bradford Dillman
movieId: AKj19  actor: Dabney Coleman
movieId: AKj20  actor: Margaret Leighton
movieId: AKj20  actor: s a
movieId: AKj20  actor: Carl Benton Reid
movieId: AKj21  actor: J.D. Cannon
movieId: AKj21  actor: Patricia Barry
movieId: AKj21  actor: Geoffrey Horen
movieId: AkK2  actor: Yoko Yaguchi
movieId: AkK7  actor: Toshiro Mifune
movieId: AkK7  actor: Takashi Shimura
movieId: AkK9  actor: Ko Kimura
movieId: AkK11  actor: Toshiro Mifune
movieId: AkK11  actor: Kyo Machiko
movieId: AkK11  actor: Masayuki Mori
movieId: AkK11  actor: Takashi Shimura
movieId: AkK11  actor: Minoru Chaiki
movieId: AkK12  actor: Kenji Mizoguchi
movieId: AkK12  actor: Kinuyo Tanaka
movieId: AkK12  actor: Machiko Kyo
movieId: AkK14  actor: Toshiro Mifune
movieId: AkK14  actor: Takashi Shimura
movieId: AkK14  actor: Kuninori Kodo
movieId: AkK14  actor: Daisuke Kato
movieId: AkK14  actor: Minoru Chaiki
movieId: AkK15  actor: Takashi Shimura
movieId: AkK20  actor: Toshiro Mifune
movieId: AkK22  actor: Toshiro Mifune
movieId: AkK22  actor: Tasuya Nkadai
movieId: AkK22  actor: s a
movieId: AkK22  actor: s a
movieId: AkK23  actor: Toshiro Mifune
movieId: AkK26  actor: s a
movieId: AkK26  actor: s a
movieId: AkK27  actor: Tatsya Nakadai
movieId: AkK27  actor: Tatsya Nakadai
movieId: AkK28  actor: Mieko Harada
movieId: AkK28  actor: Tatsuya Nakadai
movieId: AkK28  actor: Peter
movieId: AkK28  actor: Hisahi Ikawa
movieId: AkK28  actor: Satoshi Terao
movieId: AkK28  actor: Jinpachi Nezu
movieId: AkK28  actor: Daisuke Ryu
movieId: AkK29  actor: Akira Terao
movieId: AkK29  actor: Mieko Harada
movieId: AkK29  actor: Martin Scorsese
movieId: AkK29  actor: Chishu Ryu
movieId: AkK30  actor: Richard Gere
movieId: AkK30  actor: Sachiko Murase
movieId: AkK31  actor: s a
movieId: AKl10  actor: Anna Thomson
movieId: AKo10  actor: Jon Voight
movieId: AKo10  actor: Eric Roberts
movieId: AKo10  actor: Rebecca deMornay
movieId: AKo10  actor: Kyle T. Heffner
movieId: AKo10  actor: John P. Ryan
movieId: AKo10  actor: Kenneth McMillan
movieId: AKo15  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: AKo15  actor: Kurt Russell
movieId: AKo15  actor: Teri Hatcher
movieId: AKo15  actor: Tom Hulce
movieId: AKo15  actor: Bob Hoskins
movieId: AKo15  actor: Lolita Davidoitch
movieId: AKo15  actor: s a
movieId: AKo15  actor: s a
movieId: AKo15  actor: s a
movieId: AkS10  actor: Jesper Sal\'en
movieId: AkS10  actor: Basia Frydman
movieId: AkS10  actor: Stellan Skarsgard
movieId: AkS10  actor: Niklas Odlund
movieId: AKu10  actor: Donald Pleasance
movieId: AKu10  actor: Nancy Allen
movieId: AL8  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: AL8  actor: Danielle Darrieux
movieId: AL10  actor: Claudette Colbert
movieId: AL10  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: AL10  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: AL10  actor: Anita Louise
movieId: AL10  actor: Melville Cooper
movieId: AL10  actor: Isabel Jeans
movieId: AL10  actor: Maurice Murphy
movieId: AL11  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: AL11  actor: Claire Tevor
movieId: AL11  actor: Himphey Bogart
movieId: AL11  actor: Allen Jenkins
movieId: AL11  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: AL11  actor: Gale Page
movieId: AL11  actor: Henry ONeill
movieId: AL11  actor: John Litel
movieId: AL12  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: AL12  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: AL12  actor: Barbara ONeil
movieId: AL12  actor: Virginia Weidler
movieId: AL12  actor: Jeffrey Linn
movieId: AL12  actor: Helen Westley
movieId: AL12  actor: Henry Daniell
movieId: AL12  actor: Harry Davenport
movieId: AL12  actor: Walter Hampden
movieId: AL12  actor: George Coulouris
movieId: AL12  actor: Janet Beecher
movieId: AL12  actor: Montagu Love
movieId: AL13  actor: John Garfield
movieId: AL13  actor: Pat OBrien
movieId: AL13  actor: Ann Sheridan
movieId: AL13  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: AL13  actor: Jerome Cowan
movieId: AL13  actor: Henry ONeill
movieId: AL13  actor: Guinn Williams
movieId: AL13  actor: John Litel
movieId: AL14  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: AL14  actor: Paul Lukas
movieId: AL14  actor: George Sanders
movieId: AL14  actor: James Stephenson
movieId: AL14  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: AL16  actor: Jimmy Cagney
movieId: AL16  actor: Ann Sheridan
movieId: AL16  actor: Frank Craven
movieId: AL16  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: AL16  actor: Arthur Kennedy
movieId: AL16  actor: Frank McHugh
movieId: AL16  actor: George Tobias
movieId: AL16  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: AL20  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: AL21  actor: Barbara Stanwyk
movieId: AL21  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: AL21  actor: Ann Richards
movieId: AL21  actor: Wendell Cory
movieId: AL21  actor: Ed Begley
movieId: AL21  actor: Harold Vermilya
movieId: AL21  actor: Leif Erickson
movieId: AL21  actor: William Conrad
movieId: AL22  actor: Olivia deHavilland
movieId: AL22  actor: Leo Glenn
movieId: AL22  actor: Mark stevens
movieId: AL22  actor: Celeste Holm
movieId: AL22  actor: Glenn Langan
movieId: AL22  actor: Leif Erickson
movieId: AL22  actor: Beulah Bondi
movieId: AL22  actor: Lee Patrick
movieId: AL22  actor: Natalie Schafer
movieId: AL26  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: AL26  actor: Yul Brynner
movieId: AL26  actor: Helen Hayes
movieId: AL26  actor: Martita Hunt
movieId: AL26  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: AL26  actor: Felix Aylmer
movieId: AL26  actor: Ivan Desny
movieId: AL26  actor: Natalie Schafer
movieId: AL27  actor: Yul Brynner
movieId: AL27  actor: Deborah Kerr
movieId: AL27  actor: Jason Robards~jr.
movieId: AL27  actor: Anouk Aim\'ee
movieId: AL27  actor: Robert Morley
movieId: AL27  actor: E.G. Marshall
movieId: AL27  actor: s a
movieId: AL27  actor: s a
movieId: AlA10  actor: J.Carrol Naish
movieId: AlA10  actor: Lon Chaney~jr.
movieId: AlA10  actor: Zandor Vorkov
movieId: AlA10  actor: Regina Carrol
movieId: AlA10  actor: Angelo Rossito
movieId: AlA10  actor: Regina Carrol
movieId: AlA10  actor: John Bloom
movieId: AlA10  actor: Forrest J. Ackerman
movieId: AlA10  actor: Anthony Eisley
movieId: AlA10  actor: Russ Tamblyn
movieId: AlA10  actor: Jim Davis
movieId: AlA50  actor: Sondra Currie
movieId: AlA50  actor: Regina Carrol
movieId: AlA50  actor: Jennifer Bishop
movieId: AlA50  actor: Geoffrey Land
movieId: AlA50  actor: Ben Frank
movieId: AlB10  actor: s a
movieId: AlB10  actor: Reggie Nalder
movieId: AlB10  actor: Michael Pataki
movieId: AlB10  actor: Jose Ferrer
movieId: AlC10  actor: Patrick Dewaere
movieId: AlC10  actor: s a
movieId: AlC10  actor: s a
movieId: AlC14  actor: Sophie Marceau
movieId: AlC20  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: AlC20  actor: Anne Brochet
movieId: AlC20  actor: JeanPiere Marielle
movieId: AlC20  actor: Caroline Sihol
movieId: AlC20  actor: Carole Richert
movieId: AlC20  actor: Guillaume Depardieau
movieId: AlD10  actor: Catherine Hessling
movieId: ALe1  actor: George Sanders
movieId: ALe1  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: ALe1  actor: Steve Geray
movieId: ALe1  actor: Doris Dudley
movieId: ALe1  actor: Elena Verdugo
movieId: ALe1  actor: Florence Bates
movieId: ALe1  actor: Heather Thatcher
movieId: ALe1  actor: Eric Blore
movieId: ALe1  actor: Albert Basserman
movieId: ALe2  actor: George Sanders
movieId: ALe2  actor: Angela Lansbury
movieId: ALe2  actor: Donna Reed
movieId: ALe2  actor: Lowell Gilmore
movieId: ALe2  actor: Peter Lawford
movieId: ALe4  actor: James Mason
movieId: ALe4  actor: Ava Gardner
movieId: ALe4  actor: Harold Warrender
movieId: ALe4  actor: Nigel Patrick
movieId: ALe4  actor: Sheila Sim
movieId: ALe4  actor: Mario Cabre
movieId: ALe4  actor: John Laurie
movieId: ALe4  actor: Pamela Kellino
movieId: ALe4  actor: Marius Goring
movieId: ALe7  actor: Cornel Wilde
movieId: ALe7  actor: Mel Ferrer
movieId: ALe7  actor: Rita Gam
movieId: ALe7  actor: Michel Simon
movieId: ALe7  actor: Wanda Rotha
movieId: ALe7  actor: Cyril Cusack
movieId: ALe7  actor: Marcel Poncin
movieId: ALe7  actor: Peter Bull
movieId: AlG11  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: AlG11  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: AlG11  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: AlG11  actor: Christopher Neame
movieId: AlG11  actor: Caroline Munro
movieId: AlG11  actor: Stephanie Beecham
movieId: AlH8  actor: Shirley Temple
movieId: AlH8  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: AlH8  actor: Dorothy Dell
movieId: AlH8  actor: Charles Bickford
movieId: AlH8  actor: Lynne Overman
movieId: AlH8  actor: Frank McGlynn~sr
movieId: AlH8  actor: Willie Best
movieId: AlH21  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: AlH21  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: AlH21  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: AlH21  actor: Reginald Gardiner
movieId: AlH21  actor: Charles Halton
movieId: AlH24  actor: Robert Montgomery
movieId: AlH24  actor: Edward Everett Horton
movieId: AlH24  actor: Evelyn Keyes
movieId: AlH24  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: AlH24  actor: James Gleason
movieId: AlH24  actor: Rita Johnson
movieId: AlH24  actor: John Emery
movieId: AlH24  actor: Donald mcBride
movieId: AlH24  actor: Halliwell Hobbes
movieId: AlH24  actor: Benny Rubin
movieId: AlH30  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: AlH30  actor: Janet Blair
movieId: AlH30  actor: James Gleason
movieId: AlH30  actor: Ted Donaldson
movieId: AlH30  actor: William Demarest
movieId: AlH30  actor: Howard Freeman
movieId: AlH30  actor: Art Baker
movieId: AlH30  actor: John Abbott
movieId: AlH38  actor: Jane Wyman
movieId: AlH38  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: AlH38  actor: Aldo Ray
movieId: ALi10  actor: Bill Murray
movieId: ALi10  actor: Peter Boyle
movieId: ALi10  actor: Bruno Kirby
movieId: ALi10  actor: Rene Auberjonois
movieId: ALi10  actor: R.G. Armstrong
movieId: ALi15  actor: Christopher Penn
movieId: ALi15  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: ALi15  actor: Ilan MitchellSmith
movieId: ALi15  actor: Jenny Wright
movieId: AlJ1  actor: Anne Bancroft
movieId: AlJ1  actor: Mel Brooks
movieId: AlJ1  actor: Tim Matheson
movieId: AlJ1  actor: Christopher Lloyd
movieId: AlJ1  actor: Jose Ferrer
movieId: AlJ1  actor: Jack Riley
movieId: AlJ1  actor: Charles Durning
movieId: AlJ1  actor: James Haake
movieId: AlJ1  actor: Roy Goldman
movieId: AlL3  actor: Pascal Lamorisse
movieId: AlM10  actor: Jack Cassidy
movieId: AlM10  actor: Harry Townes
movieId: AlM10  actor: Jocelyn Lane
movieId: AlP15  actor: Al Pacino
movieId: AlP15  actor: Kevin Spacey
movieId: AlP15  actor: Winona Ryder
movieId: AlP15  actor: Alec Baldwin
movieId: AlP15  actor: Aidan Quinn
movieId: AlP15  actor: Penelope Allen
movieId: AlP15  actor: Harris Yulin
movieId: AlP15  actor: Kevin Conway
movieId: AlR1  actor: Nat King Cole
movieId: AlR1  actor: Eartha Kitt
movieId: AlR1  actor: Pearl Bailey
movieId: AlR1  actor: Cab Calloway
movieId: AlR1  actor: Ella Fitzgerald
movieId: AlR1  actor: Ruby Dee
movieId: AlR1  actor: Mahalia Jackson
movieId: AlR1  actor: s a
movieId: AlR1  actor: Juana Hernadez
movieId: AlR1  actor: s a
movieId: ALs10  actor: Klaus Kinski
movieId: ALs10  actor: Don Opper
movieId: ALs10  actor: Brie Howard
movieId: AlT10  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: AlT10  actor: Phyllis Dixey
movieId: AlT10  actor: Ronald Frankau
movieId: AlT10  actor: Terence deMarmey
movieId: AlT10  actor: Abraham safaer
movieId: ALv10  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: ALv10  actor: Paulette Goddard
movieId: ALv10  actor: K.T. Stevens
movieId: ALv10  actor: Porter Hall
movieId: ALv10  actor: Adam Williams
movieId: ALv10  actor: Edward Binns
movieId: ALv10  actor: Lee VanCleef
movieId: ALv100  actor: Robert Horton
movieId: ALv100  actor: Cara Williams
movieId: ALv100  actor: Arnold Laven
movieId: ALv100  actor: Jack Mullaney
movieId: ALv100  actor: Phillip Coolidge
movieId: ALv100  actor: s a
movieId: ALv100  actor: s a
movieId: ALv101  actor: Peter Fonda
movieId: ALv101  actor: Robert Emhardt
movieId: ALv101  actor: Robert H. Harrat
movieId: ALv101  actor: Sammy Reese
movieId: ALv101  actor: June Walker
movieId: ALv101  actor: Nydia Westman
movieId: ALv101  actor: Cathie Merchant
movieId: ALv101  actor: William Bramley
movieId: ALv101  actor: Jim Boles
movieId: ALv101  actor: Charles Seel
movieId: ALv101  actor: George Lindsey
movieId: AlW40  actor: George Arliss
movieId: AlW40  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: AlW40  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: AlW40  actor: Robert Young
movieId: AlW40  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: AlW40  actor: Arthur Byron
movieId: AlW40  actor: Helen Westley
movieId: AlW40  actor: Refinald Owen
movieId: AlW40  actor: Florence Arliss
movieId: AlW40  actor: Alan Mowbray
movieId: AlW40  actor: Holmes Hernert
movieId: AlW60  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: AlW60  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: AlW60  actor: George Zucco
movieId: AlW60  actor: Ida Lupino
movieId: AlW60  actor: Alan Marshall
movieId: AlW60  actor: Terry Kilburn
movieId: AlW60  actor: E.E. Clive
movieId: AlW60  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: AlW60  actor: Mary Gordon
movieId: AlZ4  actor: Steve Allen
movieId: AlZ4  actor: Jayne Meadows
movieId: AlZ4  actor: Mamie vanDoren
movieId: AlZ4  actor: Conway Twitty
movieId: AlZ4  actor: Walter Winchell
movieId: AlZ4  actor: Earl Wilson
movieId: AlZ4  actor: Sheilah Graham
movieId: AlZ4  actor: Rocky Marciano
movieId: AlZ4  actor: Elisha Cook
movieId: AlZ4  actor: Ziva Rodann
movieId: AlZ4  actor: Micket Shaughnessey
movieId: AlZ5  actor: Mamie vanDoren
movieId: AlZ5  actor: s a
movieId: AlZ5  actor: Tuesday Weld
movieId: AlZ5  actor: Mijanou Bardot
movieId: AlZ5  actor: Mickey Shaughnessy
movieId: AlZ5  actor: Louis Nye
movieId: AlZ5  actor: Pamela Mason
movieId: AlZ5  actor: Marty Milner
movieId: AlZ5  actor: Jackie Coogan
movieId: AlZ5  actor: John Carradine
movieId: AlZ5  actor: Vampira
movieId: AlZ5  actor: Conway Twitty
movieId: AlZ5  actor: Charles Chaplin~jr.
movieId: AlZ5  actor: Harold Lloyd~jr.
movieId: AlZ5  actor: Woo Woo Grabowski
movieId: AlZ25  actor: Sandra Lynn
movieId: AlZ25  actor: Ric Marlowe
movieId: AlZ25  actor: Stephen Long
movieId: AM12  actor: Barbara Stanwyk
movieId: AM12  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: AM12  actor: Otto Kruger
movieId: AM18  actor: Leslie Howard
movieId: AM18  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: AM18  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: AM18  actor: Genevieve Tobin
movieId: AM18  actor: Dick Foran
movieId: AM18  actor: Joe Sawyer
movieId: AM18  actor: Porter Hall
movieId: AM18  actor: Charley Grapewin
movieId: AM18  actor: Paul Harvey
movieId: AM18  actor: s a
movieId: AM20  actor: Barbara Stanwyk
movieId: AM20  actor: Joel McCrea
movieId: AM20  actor: Pat OBrien
movieId: AM21  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: AM21  actor: Dick Foran
movieId: AM21  actor: Erin OBrienMoore
movieId: AM21  actor: Ann Sheridan
movieId: AM21  actor: Robert Barrat
movieId: AM21  actor: Helen Flint
movieId: AM21  actor: Joseph Sawyer
movieId: AM21  actor: Addison Richards
movieId: AM21  actor: Eddie Acuff
movieId: AM21  actor: Clifford Soubier
movieId: AM21  actor: Paul Harvey
movieId: AM21  actor: Samuel S. Hinds
movieId: AM21  actor: John Litel
movieId: AM21  actor: Alonzo Price
movieId: AM21  actor: Dickie Jones
movieId: AM21  actor: Dorothy Vaughn
movieId: AM21  actor: Henry Brandon
movieId: AM21  actor: Charles Halton
movieId: AM21  actor: Pat C. Flick
movieId: AM21  actor: Francis Sayles
movieId: AM21  actor: Paul Stanton
movieId: AM21  actor: Harry Hayden
movieId: AM21  actor: Egon Brecher
movieId: AM23  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: AM23  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: AM23  actor: Sigreid Gurie
movieId: AM23  actor: Ernest Truex
movieId: AM23  actor: Binnie Barnes
movieId: AM23  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: AM23  actor: George Barbier
movieId: AM27  actor: George Raft
movieId: AM27  actor: Joan Bennett
movieId: AM27  actor: Walter Pidgeon
movieId: AM27  actor: Lloyd Nolan
movieId: AM27  actor: Gladys George
movieId: AM27  actor: June Knight
movieId: AM29  actor: Kay Francis
movieId: AM29  actor: James Ellison
movieId: AM29  actor: Anne Baxter
movieId: AM29  actor: Laird Cregar
movieId: AM29  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: AM31  actor: Ann Rutherford
movieId: AM31  actor: George Montgomery
movieId: AM31  actor: Lynn Bari
movieId: AM31  actor: Glenn Miller
movieId: AM31  actor: Carole Landis
movieId: AM31  actor: Jackie Geason
movieId: AM31  actor: Cesar Romero
movieId: AM35  actor: Groucho Marx
movieId: AM35  actor: Chico Marx
movieId: AM35  actor: Harpo Marx
movieId: AM35  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: AM35  actor: Lisette Verea
movieId: AM35  actor: Charles Drake
movieId: AM35  actor: Lois Collier
movieId: AM35  actor: Dan Seymour
movieId: AM36  actor: Paul Muni
movieId: AM36  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: AM36  actor: Anne Baxter
movieId: AM36  actor: Erskine Sanford
movieId: AM36  actor: Hardie allbright
movieId: AMa10  actor: Ronald reagan
movieId: AMa10  actor: Oscar Homolka
movieId: AMa10  actor: Steve Forrest
movieId: AMa10  actor: Harry Morgan
movieId: AMa10  actor: Darryl Hickman
movieId: AMa50  actor: John Wayne
movieId: AMa50  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: AMa50  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: AMa50  actor: Robert Ryan
movieId: AMa50  actor: Rod Steiger
movieId: AMa50  actor: Robert Wagner
movieId: AMa50  actor: Paul Anka
movieId: AMa50  actor: Fabian
movieId: AMa50  actor: Tommy Sands
movieId: AMa50  actor: Richard Beymer
movieId: AMa50  actor: Mel Ferrer
movieId: AMa50  actor: Jeffrey Hunter
movieId: AMa50  actor: Sal Mineo
movieId: AMa50  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: AMa50  actor: Stuart Whitman
movieId: AMa50  actor: Steve Forrest
movieId: AMa50  actor: Eddie Albert
movieId: AMa50  actor: Edmond OBrien
movieId: AMa50  actor: Red Buttons
movieId: AMa50  actor: Tom Tryon
movieId: AMa50  actor: Alexander Knox
movieId: AMa50  actor: Ray Danton
movieId: AMa50  actor: Ron Randell
movieId: AMa50  actor: Richard Burton
movieId: AMa50  actor: Donald Houston
movieId: AMa50  actor: Kenneth Moore
movieId: AMa50  actor: Peter Lawford
movieId: AMa50  actor: Richard Todd
movieId: AMa50  actor: Leo Genn
movieId: AMa50  actor: John Gregson
movieId: AMa50  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: AMa50  actor: JeanLouis Barrault
movieId: AMa50  actor: Arletty
movieId: AMa50  actor: Curt Jurgens
movieId: AMa56  actor: Dana Andrews
movieId: AMa56  actor: Janette Scott
movieId: AMa56  actor: Kieron Moore
movieId: AMa56  actor: Alexander Knox
movieId: AMa60  actor: Soupy Sales
movieId: AMa60  actor: Beverly Adams
movieId: AMa60  actor: Tab Hunter
movieId: AMa60  actor: Arthur OConnell
movieId: AMa61  actor: Lloyd Bridges
movieId: AMa61  actor: Shirley Eaton
movieId: AMa61  actor: Brian Kelly
movieId: AMa61  actor: David McCallum
movieId: AMa61  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: AMa61  actor: Marshall Thompson
movieId: AMa61  actor: Gary Merritt
movieId: AMa69  actor: Jack Benny
movieId: AMc15  actor: Billy Crudup
movieId: AMc15  actor: Samantha Morton
movieId: AMD3  actor: Jack Stuart
movieId: AMD3  actor: Amber Collins
movieId: AMD3  actor: Rene Baldwin
movieId: AMD3  actor: Wilbert Bradley
movieId: AMD3  actor: Giacomo RossiStuart
movieId: AMD3  actor: Ombretta Colli
movieId: AMD10  actor: Lee VanCleef
movieId: AMD10  actor: Karen Black
movieId: AMD10  actor: Edward Albert
movieId: AMD10  actor: Robert Alda
movieId: AMD10  actor: Lionel Stander
movieId: AMD13  actor: Lee VanCleef
movieId: AMD13  actor: Lo Lieh
movieId: AMD16  actor: Reb Brown
movieId: AMD16  actor: Corinne Clery
movieId: AMD16  actor: John Steiner
movieId: AMD16  actor: Carole Andre
movieId: AMe10  actor: Joy Bang
movieId: AMe10  actor: Marlene Clark
movieId: AMe10  actor: Roger Garrett
movieId: AMe10  actor: Slash Marks
movieId: AMg7  actor: Tab Hunter
movieId: AMg7  actor: Rossana Podesta
movieId: AmH10  actor: Sean Penn
movieId: AmH10  actor: Phoebe Cates
movieId: AmH10  actor: Jennifer Jason Leigh
movieId: AmH10  actor: Brian Backus
movieId: AmH10  actor: Robert Romanus
movieId: AmH10  actor: Judge Reinhold
movieId: AmH10  actor: Hallie Eckstein
movieId: AmH10  actor: Ray Walston
movieId: AmH10  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: AmH13  actor: Chevy Chase
movieId: AmH13  actor: Beverly DAngelo
movieId: AmH13  actor: Jason Lively
movieId: AmH13  actor: Dana Hill
movieId: AmH13  actor: John Astin
movieId: AmH13  actor: John Astin
movieId: AmH13  actor: Eric Idle
movieId: AmH13  actor: Paul Baretel
movieId: AmH13  actor: Jeanette Charles
movieId: AmH13  actor: Peter Hugo
movieId: AmH13  actor: Julie Woodridge
movieId: AmH13  actor: Sylvia Badalati
movieId: AmH13  actor: Claudia Neidig
movieId: AmH13  actor: Moon Unit Zappa
movieId: AmH25  actor: Jason Biggs
movieId: AmH25  actor: Mena Suvari
movieId: AmH25  actor: Greg Kinnear
movieId: AMi10  actor: Juliet Stevenson
movieId: AMi10  actor: Alan Rickman
movieId: AMi10  actor: Michael Maloney
movieId: AMi10  actor: Christopher Rozycki
movieId: AMi10  actor: Stella Maris
movieId: AMi10  actor: David Ryall
movieId: AMi10  actor: Deborah Findlay
movieId: AMi10  actor: Bill Paterson
movieId: AMi10  actor: Pierre-Grahame duFrisk
movieId: AMi12  actor: Matt Dillon
movieId: AMi12  actor: Annabella Sciora
movieId: AMi12  actor: MarieLouise Parker
movieId: AMi12  actor: Willliam Hurt
movieId: AMi15  actor: Ralph Fiennes
movieId: AMi15  actor: Juliette Binoche
movieId: AMi15  actor: Kristin Scott Thomas
movieId: AMi15  actor: Naveen Andrews
movieId: AMi15  actor: William Dafoe
movieId: AMi15  actor: Colin Firth
movieId: AMi19  actor: Matt Damon
movieId: AMi19  actor: Jude Law
movieId: AMi19  actor: Gwyneth Paltrow
movieId: AMi19  actor: Cate Blanchett
movieId: AMi19  actor: Philip Seymour Hoffman
movieId: AMi19  actor: s a
movieId: AMk10  actor: Aleksandra Slaska
movieId: AMk10  actor: Anna Ciepielewska
movieId: AML1  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: AML1  actor: Pat Priest
movieId: AML1  actor: Casey Kasem
movieId: AML1  actor: Barry Kroeger
movieId: AmM10  actor: Michele Nichols
movieId: AmM10  actor: Margaret Shendal
movieId: AmM10  actor: Bobbie diCiccio
movieId: AmM10  actor: Scott Jacoby
movieId: AmM10  actor: Maxwell Caulfield
movieId: AmM10  actor: Lilian Balsam
movieId: AmM10  actor: Levar Bundy
movieId: AmM10  actor: Bradford Bancroft
movieId: AmN1  actor: Kirstie Alley
movieId: AmN1  actor: John Travolta
movieId: AmN1  actor: George Segal
movieId: AmN1  actor: Abe Vigoda
movieId: AmN1  actor: Olympia Dukakis
movieId: AmN1  actor: Bruce Willis
movieId: Amo13  actor: Penelope Ann Miller
movieId: Amo13  actor: Eric Thal
movieId: Amo13  actor: William Forsythe
movieId: Amo13  actor: Cathy Moriarity
movieId: Amo13  actor: Julianne Moore
movieId: AMp1  actor: Sarah Jessica Parker
movieId: AMp1  actor: Lee Montgomery
movieId: AMp1  actor: Helen Hunt
movieId: AMp1  actor: Holly Gagnier
movieId: AMp1  actor: Morgan Woodward
movieId: AMp1  actor: Ed Lauter
movieId: AMr10  actor: Christopher Lambert
movieId: AMr10  actor: Mario van Peebles
movieId: AMr10  actor: Deborah Unger
movieId: AMr15  actor: Chistopher Lambert
movieId: AMs25  actor: Folke Sundquist
movieId: AMs25  actor: Ulla Jacobson
movieId: AMs25  actor: s a
movieId: AMy3  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: AMy3  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: AMy3  actor: Peter Boyle
movieId: AMy3  actor: Gordon Goodrow
movieId: AMy3  actor: Howard Hesseman
movieId: AMy3  actor: John Savage
movieId: AMy3  actor: Melvin Stewart
movieId: AMy3  actor: Richard Schaal
movieId: AMy10  actor: Sylvia Kristel
movieId: AMy10  actor: Howard Hesseman
movieId: AMy10  actor: Eric Brown
movieId: AMy10  actor: Ed Begley~jr
movieId: AMy10  actor: Pamela Bryant
movieId: AMy18  actor: G.W. Bailey
movieId: AMy18  actor: David Graf
movieId: AMy18  actor: George Gaynes
movieId: AMy18  actor: s a
movieId: AMy18  actor: Bubba Smith
movieId: AMy18  actor: George R. Robertson
movieId: AMy18  actor: Michael Winslow
movieId: AMy18  actor: Leslie Easterbrook
movieId: AMy18  actor: Janet Jones
movieId: AMy18  actor: James Hampton
movieId: AMy18  actor: Lance Kinsey
movieId: AMy18  actor: Matt McCoy
movieId: AMy18  actor: Rene Auberjonois
movieId: AMy18  actor: James Hampton
movieId: AMy18  actor: Marion Ramsey
movieId: AMy18  actor: Archie Hahn
movieId: AMy18  actor: Jerry Lazarus
movieId: AMy18  actor: Tab Thacker
movieId: AMy20  actor: Bubba Smith
movieId: AMy20  actor: Michael Winslow
movieId: AMz1  actor: Michael Parks
movieId: AMz1  actor: Tom Skerritt
movieId: AMz5  actor: Rodney Dangerfield
movieId: AMz5  actor: Sally Kellerman
movieId: AMz5  actor: Buck Young
movieId: AMz5  actor: Keith Barcs
movieId: AMz5  actor: Roland Downey~jr
movieId: AMz5  actor: Paxton Whitehead
movieId: AMz5  actor: Adrienne Bobes
movieId: AMz5  actor: Terry Farrar
movieId: AMz5  actor: Ned Beatty
movieId: AN10  actor: Dorothy Malone
movieId: AN10  actor: Errol Flynn
movieId: AN10  actor: Efrem Zimbalist~jr
movieId: AN10  actor: Neva Patterson
movieId: AN10  actor: Martin Milner
movieId: AN10  actor: Ray Danton
movieId: AN10  actor: Murray Hamilton
movieId: AnA10  actor: John Garko
movieId: AnA10  actor: Tony Vilar
movieId: AnB5  actor: Nichalos Cage
movieId: AnB5  actor: Sarah Jessica Parker
movieId: AnB5  actor: James Caan
movieId: AnB10  actor: Ryan ONeal
movieId: AnB10  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: AnB10  actor: Mariangela Melato
movieId: AnB10  actor: Richard Kiel
movieId: AnB20  actor: Matthew Broderick
movieId: AnB20  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: AnB20  actor: Penelope Ann Miller
movieId: AnB20  actor: Bruno Kirby
movieId: AnB20  actor: Paul Benedict
movieId: AnB20  actor: Maximilian Schell
movieId: AnB20  actor: B.D. Wong
movieId: AnB20  actor: Bert Parks
movieId: AnB24  actor: Bridget Fonda
movieId: AnB24  actor: Nicolas Cage
movieId: AnB24  actor: Rosie Perez
movieId: AnB24  actor: sa
movieId: AnB24  actor: Isacc Hayes
movieId: AnB26  actor: Demi Moore
movieId: AnB26  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: AnB26  actor: s a
movieId: AnB26  actor: s a
movieId: AnC10  actor: James Keach
movieId: AnC10  actor: Tony Lorea
movieId: AnC10  actor: Alvy Moore
movieId: AnC10  actor: Skip Young
movieId: AnC10  actor: Stanley Livingston
movieId: AnC10  actor: George Barris
movieId: AnC10  actor: Carla Ziegfeld
movieId: AnD10  actor: Andre Deed
movieId: AnD10  actor: Valentina Frascaroli
movieId: AnD10  actor: Mathilde Lambert
movieId: AnD10  actor: Gabriel Moreau
movieId: AnD10  actor: Fernando VivasMay
movieId: AnD10  actor: Giulia Costa
movieId: ANe10  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: ANe10  actor: Eva Marie Saint
movieId: ANi10  actor: E-than Hawke
movieId: ANi10  actor: Jude Law
movieId: ANi10  actor: Uma Thurman
movieId: AnL5  actor: Sihung Lung
movieId: AnL5  actor: sa
movieId: AnL10  actor: Winston Chao
movieId: AnL10  actor: Mitchell Lichtenstein
movieId: AnL10  actor: May Chin
movieId: AnL10  actor: Sihing Lung
movieId: AnL10  actor: AhLeh Gua
movieId: AnL10  actor: Tien Pien
movieId: AnL12  actor: Kevin Kline
movieId: AnL12  actor: Joan Allen
movieId: AnL12  actor: Sigourney Weaver
movieId: AnL12  actor: Elijah Wood
movieId: AnL12  actor: Christina Ricci
movieId: AnL12  actor: Tobey Maguire
movieId: AnL13  actor: Emma Thompson
movieId: AnL13  actor: Greg Wise
movieId: AnL13  actor: Kenneth Branagh
movieId: AnL13  actor: Helena Bonham Carter
movieId: AnL15  actor: Tobey Maguire
movieId: AnL15  actor: Skeet Ulrich
movieId: AnL15  actor: Jewel
movieId: AnL15  actor: Jonathan Rys Meyers
movieId: AnL15  actor: James Cavizel
movieId: AnL15  actor: Simon Baker
movieId: AnL15  actor: Jeffrey Wright
movieId: AnL15  actor: s a
movieId: AnL15  actor: Simon BakerDenny
movieId: AnL15  actor: Chan Yun Fat
movieId: AnL15  actor: Michelle Yeoh
movieId: AnL15  actor: s a
movieId: AnL15  actor: s a
movieId: AnM16  actor: Barbara Stanwyck
movieId: AnM16  actor: Walter Huston
movieId: AnM16  actor: Wendell Corey
movieId: AnM16  actor: Judith Anderson
movieId: AnM16  actor: Gilbert Roland
movieId: AnM16  actor: Thomas Gomez
movieId: AnM16  actor: Beulah Bondi
movieId: AnM16  actor: Wallace Ford
movieId: AnM16  actor: Albert Dekker
movieId: AnM16  actor: Blanche Yurka
movieId: AnM17  actor: Arnold Moss
movieId: AnM20  actor: James Stewart
movieId: AnM22  actor: James Stewart
movieId: AnM22  actor: Julia Adams
movieId: AnM22  actor: Arthur Kennedy
movieId: AnM24  actor: James Stewart
movieId: AnM24  actor: Robert Ryan
movieId: AnM25  actor: James Stewart
movieId: AnM25  actor: June Allyson
movieId: AnM25  actor: Harry Morgan
movieId: AnM25  actor: Charles Drake
movieId: AnM25  actor: Frances Langford
movieId: AnM25  actor: Louis Armstrong
movieId: AnM25  actor: Gene Krupa
movieId: AnM25  actor: Kathleen Lockhart
movieId: AnM27  actor: James Stewart
movieId: AnM27  actor: June Allyson
movieId: AnM27  actor: Stan Musial
movieId: AnM27  actor: James Millican
movieId: AnM27  actor: Frank Lovejoy
movieId: AnM27  actor: Richard Shannon
movieId: AnM27  actor: William Hudson
movieId: AnM28  actor: James Stewart
movieId: AnM30  actor: Mario Lanza
movieId: AnM30  actor: Joan Fontaine
movieId: AnM30  actor: Sarita Montiel
movieId: AnM30  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: AnM30  actor: Joseph Calleia
movieId: AnM30  actor: Harry Bellaver
movieId: AnM30  actor: Vince Edwards
movieId: AnM30  actor: Silvio Minciotti
movieId: AnM32  actor: Robert Ryan
movieId: AnM32  actor: Aldo Ray
movieId: AnM32  actor: Vic Morrow
movieId: AnM32  actor: James Edwards
movieId: AnM33  actor: Robert Ryan
movieId: AnM33  actor: Aldo Ray
movieId: AnM33  actor: Tina Louise
movieId: AnM33  actor: Buddy Hackett
movieId: AnM33  actor: Jack Lord
movieId: AnM33  actor: Vic Morrow
movieId: AnM33  actor: Fay Spain
movieId: AnM33  actor: Lance Fuller
movieId: AnM33  actor: Rex Ingram
movieId: AnM33  actor: Michael Landon
movieId: AnM34  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: AnM35  actor: Glenn Ford
movieId: AnM35  actor: Maria Schell
movieId: AnM35  actor: Anne Baxter
movieId: AnM35  actor: Lili Darvas
movieId: AnM35  actor: Russ Tamblyn
movieId: AnM35  actor: Henry Morgan
movieId: AnM35  actor: David Opatoshu
movieId: AnM35  actor: Charles McGraw
movieId: AnM35  actor: Aline McMahon
movieId: AnM35  actor: Edgar Buchanan
movieId: AnM35  actor: Arthur OConnell
movieId: AnM35  actor: Mercedes McCambridge
movieId: AnM35  actor: Vic Morrow
movieId: AnM35  actor: Robert Keith
movieId: AnM35  actor: Mary Wickes
movieId: AnM35  actor: Royal Dano
movieId: AnM35  actor: Vladimir Sokoloff
movieId: AnM37  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: AnM37  actor: Sophia Loren
movieId: AnM37  actor: Raf Vallone
movieId: AnM37  actor: Geraldine Page
movieId: AnM37  actor: John Fraser
movieId: AnM37  actor: Gary Raymond
movieId: AnM37  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: AnM37  actor: Hurd Hatfield
movieId: AnM37  actor: Massimo Serato
movieId: AnM37  actor: Andrew Cruikshank
movieId: AnM37  actor: Michael Hordern
movieId: AnM37  actor: Douglas Wilmer
movieId: AnM40  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: AnM40  actor: Christopher Plummer
movieId: AnM40  actor: Stephen Boyd
movieId: AnM40  actor: James Mason
movieId: AnM40  actor: Sophia Loren
movieId: AnM40  actor: John Ireland
movieId: AnM40  actor: Eric Porter
movieId: AnM40  actor: Anthony Quayle
movieId: AnM40  actor: Mel Ferrer
movieId: AnM40  actor: Omar Sharif
movieId: AnP7  actor: Bibi Anderson
movieId: AnP7  actor: Kathleen Quinlan
movieId: AnP7  actor: Sylvia Sidney
movieId: AnP7  actor: Diane Varsi
movieId: AnP7  actor: Susan Tyrrell
movieId: AnP8  actor: Cybill Shepherd
movieId: AnP8  actor: Elliott Gould
movieId: AnP8  actor: Angela Lansbury
movieId: AnP8  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: AnP8  actor: Arthur Lowe
movieId: AnP18  actor: Robert Hardy
movieId: AnP18  actor: Michael Hodern
movieId: AnP18  actor: Mary Garth
movieId: AnP18  actor: Fred Vincy
movieId: AnP18  actor: Peter Jeffrey
movieId: AnP18  actor: Douglas Hodge
movieId: AnP18  actor: Juliet Aubrey
movieId: AnP18  actor: Trevyn McDowell
movieId: AnP18  actor: Rufus Sewell
movieId: AnQ10  actor: Yul Brynner
movieId: AnS1  actor: Walter Connolly
movieId: AnS1  actor: Allan Jones
movieId: AnS1  actor: Mary Martin
movieId: AnS1  actor: Suasanna Foster
movieId: AnS1  actor: Lee Bowman
movieId: AnS3  actor: Bojangles Robinson
movieId: AnS3  actor: Fats Waller
movieId: AnS3  actor: Bill Bojangles Robinson
movieId: AnS3  actor: Lena Horne
movieId: AnS3  actor: Dooley Wilson
movieId: AnS3  actor: Katherine Dunham
movieId: AnS3  actor: Nicholas Brothers
movieId: AnS3  actor: Fats Waller
movieId: AnS3  actor: Ada Browwn
movieId: AnS3  actor: Zutyy Singleton
movieId: AnS3  actor: Ada Brown
movieId: AnS3  actor: Rochester
movieId: AnS3  actor: Benny Carter
movieId: AnS3  actor: Cab Calloway
movieId: AnS15  actor: Doris Day
movieId: AnS15  actor: Louis Jourdan
movieId: AnS33  actor: Horst Buchholz
movieId: AnS33  actor: Mary Costa
movieId: AnS33  actor: Rossano Brazzi
movieId: AnS33  actor: Yvonne Mitchell
movieId: AnS33  actor: Nigel Patrick
movieId: AnT5  actor: Natalya Bondartchuk
movieId: AnT5  actor: Donatas Banionis
movieId: AnT5  actor: Yury Yarvet
movieId: AnT16  actor: Erland Josephson
movieId: AnW10  actor: International Chrysis
movieId: AoS10  actor: Veronica Oddo
movieId: AoS10  actor: Elba Escobar
movieId: AOz10  actor: Genco Erkal
movieId: AOz10  actor: Harun Yesilyurt
movieId: AOz10  actor: Ayberk Colok
movieId: APa5  actor: Scott Baio
movieId: APa5  actor: Jodie Foster
movieId: APa6  actor: Brad Davis
movieId: APa6  actor: Alec Baldwin
movieId: APa6  actor: Gugi Bellista
movieId: APa6  actor: Irene Miracle
movieId: APa6  actor: Randy Quaid
movieId: APa6  actor: John Hurt
movieId: APa7  actor: Irene Cara
movieId: APa7  actor: Eddie Barth
movieId: APa7  actor: Laura Dean
movieId: APa7  actor: Lee Curreri
movieId: APa7  actor: Anne Meara
movieId: APa12  actor: Diane Keaton
movieId: APa12  actor: Albert Finney
movieId: APa12  actor: Karen Allen
movieId: APa12  actor: Dana Hill
movieId: APa12  actor: Diane Keaton
movieId: APa12  actor: Peter Weller
movieId: APa20  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: APa20  actor: Willem Dafoe
movieId: APa20  actor: s a
movieId: APa20  actor: s a
movieId: APa20  actor: Frances McDormand
movieId: APa20  actor: Brad Dourif
movieId: APa20  actor: Park Overall
movieId: APa20  actor: Stephen Tobolowsky
movieId: APa24  actor: Tamlyn Tomita
movieId: APa24  actor: Dennis Quaid
movieId: APa25  actor: Robert Arkins
movieId: APa25  actor: Andrew Strong
movieId: APa25  actor: Angelina Ball
movieId: APa25  actor: Michael Aherne
movieId: APa25  actor: Bronagh Gallagher
movieId: APa25  actor: Johnny Murphy
movieId: APa25  actor: Colm Meany
movieId: APa25  actor: Maria Doyle
movieId: APa30  actor: Madonna
movieId: APa30  actor: Antonio Banderas
movieId: APa30  actor: Jonathan Pryce
movieId: APa30  actor: Jimmy Nail
movieId: APe10  actor: Anthony Perkins
movieId: APe10  actor: Diana Scarwid
movieId: APe10  actor: Jeff Fahey
movieId: APe10  actor: Roberta Maxwell
movieId: APl10  actor: Aneeta Kanwar
movieId: APl10  actor: Vikram Gokhale
movieId: APl10  actor: Nana Paleker
movieId: APk10  actor: Cumhur Vural
movieId: APk10  actor: Otto Sander
movieId: APk10  actor: Annette Uhlen
movieId: APk10  actor: Dominic Raacke
movieId: APk10  actor: Tuncel Kurtiz
movieId: APo10  actor: John Garfield
movieId: APo10  actor: Thomas Gomez
movieId: APo10  actor: Beatrice Pearson
movieId: APo10  actor: Marie Windsor
movieId: APo10  actor: Anne Revere
movieId: APo40  actor: Mia Farrow
movieId: APo40  actor: s a
movieId: APo40  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: APo43  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: APo43  actor: Katharine Ross
movieId: APo43  actor: Robert Blake
movieId: APo43  actor: Susan Clark
movieId: APo43  actor: Barry Sullivan
movieId: APr10  actor: Brandon Lee
movieId: APr10  actor: Michael Wincott
movieId: APr10  actor: Ernie Hudson
movieId: APr10  actor: Rochelle Davis
movieId: APr10  actor: David Patrick Kelly
movieId: APr12  actor: Rufus Sewell
movieId: APr12  actor: William Hurt
movieId: APr12  actor: Kiefer Sutherland
movieId: APr12  actor: Jennifer Connelly
movieId: APr12  actor: Richard OBrien
movieId: APv10  actor: Arturo Pirovani
movieId: APv10  actor: Guiseppe diLiguoro
movieId: APv10  actor: Guiseppe diLiguoro
movieId: APy10  actor: Lee Horsley
movieId: APy10  actor: Kathleen Beller
movieId: APy10  actor: Simon MacCorkindale
movieId: APy10  actor: George Maharis
movieId: APy10  actor: Richard Lynch
movieId: APy15  actor: Rachel McLish
movieId: APy15  actor: John Enos
movieId: APy15  actor: Ed Lauter
movieId: APy15  actor: Matt Clark
movieId: AR4  actor: Emmanu\`elle Rivas
movieId: AR4  actor: Eiji Okada
movieId: AR5  actor: Delphine Seyrig
movieId: AR5  actor: Giorgio Albertazzi
movieId: AR5  actor: Sacha Pitoeff
movieId: AR5  actor: Wilhelm vonDeek
movieId: AR5  actor: Jean Lanier
movieId: AR5  actor: Geral Lorin
movieId: AR8  actor: JeanPaul Belmondo
movieId: AR8  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: AR8  actor: Anna Duperey
movieId: AR8  actor: Francois Perier
movieId: AR8  actor: Michel Lonsdale
movieId: AR8  actor: Claude Rich
movieId: AR8  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: AR10  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: AR10  actor: Dirk Bogarde
movieId: AR10  actor: Ellen Busteyn
movieId: AR10  actor: David Warner
movieId: AR10  actor: Elaine Stritch
movieId: ARa10  actor: Don Knotts
movieId: ARa10  actor: Barbara Rhoades
movieId: ARa10  actor: Jackie Coogan
movieId: ARa10  actor: Don Barry
movieId: ARb1  actor: Hume Cronyn
movieId: ARb1  actor: Jessica Tandy
movieId: ARb1  actor: Brad Bird
movieId: ARb1  actor: s a
movieId: ARb1  actor: Frank McRae
movieId: ARb1  actor: Elizabeth Pena
movieId: ARb1  actor: Raul Julia
movieId: ARb1  actor: s a
movieId: ARb1  actor: s a
movieId: ARb1  actor: Michael Carmine
movieId: ARb1  actor: s a
movieId: ARb1  actor: Mathew Robbins
movieId: ArD10  actor: Marvin Liebman
movieId: ArF10  actor: Luis Trenker
movieId: ArF10  actor: Leni Riefenstahl
movieId: ARG2  actor: JeanLouis Trintignant
movieId: ARG2  actor: Nadine Verdier
movieId: ARG2  actor: Daniel Emilfork
movieId: ARG2  actor: Charles Millot
movieId: ARG2  actor: Henri Lambert
movieId: ArH101  actor: Gary Merrill
movieId: ArH101  actor: Patricia Cutts
movieId: ArH101  actor: Konstantin Shayne
movieId: ArH101  actor: Anthony George
movieId: ArH101  actor: Harvey Stevens
movieId: ArH101  actor: Ralph Clanton
movieId: ArH102  actor: Robert Horton
movieId: ArH102  actor: Betsy vonFurstenberg
movieId: ArH103  actor: Carmen Mathews
movieId: ArH103  actor: Richard Waring
movieId: ArH103  actor: Edmon Ryan
movieId: ArH103  actor: Benny Baker
movieId: ArH104  actor: Steve Forrest
movieId: ArH104  actor: Joanna Moore
movieId: ArH104  actor: James Gregory
movieId: ArH104  actor: Fred Robbins
movieId: ArH105  actor: James Donald
movieId: ArH105  actor: Barbara Rush
movieId: ArH106  actor: Albert Salmi
movieId: ArH106  actor: Roscoe Ates
movieId: ArH107  actor: William Demarest
movieId: ArH107  actor: Roscoe Ates
movieId: ArH107  actor: Ben Johnson
movieId: ArH107  actor: Mike Kellin
movieId: ArH108  actor: Mary Astor
movieId: ArH108  actor: Doro Merande
movieId: ArH108  actor: Russell Collins
movieId: ArH108  actor: Wesley Lou
movieId: ArH109  actor: Barbara BelGeddes
movieId: ArH109  actor: Don Dubbins
movieId: ArH109  actor: Pat Hitchcock
movieId: ArH109  actor: Helen Conrad
movieId: ArH110  actor: Allyn Joslyn
movieId: ArH110  actor: Jane Dulo
movieId: ArH110  actor: Eddie Foy~jr
movieId: ArH111  actor: Paul Hartman
movieId: ArH111  actor: Robert Bray
movieId: ArH111  actor: Bert Freed
movieId: ArH111  actor: Wendell Holmes
movieId: ArH112  actor: Patricia Collinge
movieId: ArH112  actor: George Grizzard
movieId: ArH112  actor: Barbara Baxley
movieId: ArH113  actor: James Franciscus
movieId: ArH113  actor: George Munroe
movieId: ArH113  actor: George Mitchell
movieId: ArH113  actor: Arlene McQuade
movieId: ArH113  actor: Robert Kelljian
movieId: ArH114  actor: Jeremy Slate
movieId: ArH115  actor: Dick York
movieId: ArH115  actor: John Zaremba
movieId: ArH115  actor: Gena Rowlands
movieId: ArH115  actor: Michael Burns
movieId: ArH115  actor: Joe Julia
movieId: ArH115  actor: Ralph Smiley
movieId: ArH116  actor: Richard Gaines
movieId: ArH116  actor: Peter Walker
movieId: ArH116  actor: Sarah Marshall
movieId: ArH117  actor: Scott McKay
movieId: ArH117  actor: Geraldine Fitzgerald
movieId: ArH117  actor: Antoinette Bower
movieId: ArH117  actor: Lillian OMalley
movieId: ArH117  actor: Leon Lontok
movieId: ArH118  actor: Diana vanderVlis
movieId: ArH118  actor: James Best
movieId: ArH118  actor: Madeleine Sherwood
movieId: ArH118  actor: Joe Flynn
movieId: ArH204  actor: James Gardner
movieId: ArH204  actor: s a
movieId: ArH205  actor: s a
movieId: ArH205  actor: s a
movieId: ArH207  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: ArH207  actor: Sandy Dennis
movieId: ArH207  actor: Sandy Baron
movieId: ArH207  actor: Anne Meara
movieId: ArH207  actor: Carlos Montalban
movieId: ArH208  actor: Ryan ONeal
movieId: ArH208  actor: Ali MacGraw
movieId: ArH208  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: ArH208  actor: John Marley
movieId: ArH208  actor: Tommy Lee Jones
movieId: ArH209  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: ArH209  actor: Maureen Stapleton
movieId: ArH209  actor: Barbara Harris
movieId: ArH209  actor: Lee Grant
movieId: ArH209  actor: Louise Sorel
movieId: ArH210  actor: George C. Scott
movieId: ArH210  actor: Diana Rigg
movieId: ArH210  actor: Barnard Hughes
movieId: ArH210  actor: Richard Dysart
movieId: ArH210  actor: Nancy Marchand
movieId: ArH215  actor: Jill Clayburgh
movieId: ArH215  actor: Gene Wilder
movieId: ArH215  actor: Richard Pryor
movieId: ArH215  actor: Patrick McGoohan
movieId: ArH215  actor: s a
movieId: ArH215  actor: s a
movieId: ArH215  actor: s a
movieId: ArH215  actor: s a
movieId: ArH216  actor: Peter Falk
movieId: ArH216  actor: Alan Arkin
movieId: ArH216  actor: Richard Libertini
movieId: ArH216  actor: Penny Peyser
movieId: ArH216  actor: Nancy Dussault
movieId: ArH217  actor: Al Pacino
movieId: ArH217  actor: Dyan Cannon
movieId: ArH217  actor: Tuesday Weld
movieId: ArH217  actor: Bob Dishy
movieId: ArH217  actor: Alan King
movieId: ArH217  actor: Andre Gregory
movieId: ArH217  actor: Bob
movieId: ArH217  actor: Ray
movieId: ArH218  actor: Kate Jackson
movieId: ArH218  actor: Michael Ontkean
movieId: ArH218  actor: Harry Hamlin
movieId: ArH218  actor: Wendy Hiller
movieId: ArH218  actor: Arthur Hill
movieId: ArH218  actor: Nancy Olson
movieId: ArH220  actor: Dudley Moore
movieId: ArH220  actor: Mary Steenburgen
movieId: ArH220  actor: Frances Sternhagen
movieId: ArH225  actor: Steve Martin
movieId: ArH225  actor: Charles Grodin
movieId: ArH225  actor: Judith Ivey
movieId: ArH225  actor: Steve Lawrence
movieId: ArH225  actor: Robyn Douglas
movieId: ArH227  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: ArH227  actor: JoBeth Williams
movieId: ArH227  actor: Judd Hirsch
movieId: ArH227  actor: Ralph Macchio
movieId: ArH227  actor: Richard Mulligan
movieId: ArH227  actor: Allen Garfield
movieId: ArH227  actor: Royal Dano
movieId: ArH230  actor: Gene Wilder
movieId: ArH230  actor: Richard Pryor
movieId: ArH230  actor: Joan Severance
movieId: ArH230  actor: Kevin Spacey
movieId: ArH230  actor: Anthony Zerbe
movieId: ArH230  actor: Louis Giambalvo
movieId: ArH230  actor: Kisten Childs
movieId: ArH230  actor: Alan North
movieId: ArH230  actor: Benny McInery
movieId: ArH236  actor: John Goodman
movieId: ArH236  actor: Trini Alvarado
movieId: ArH236  actor: Kelly McGinnis
movieId: ArH240  actor: Eric Idle
movieId: ArH240  actor: Ryan ONeil
movieId: ArH240  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: ArH240  actor: Whoopi oldberg
movieId: ArH240  actor: Jackie Chan
movieId: ArH240  actor: Larry King
movieId: ArH240  actor: Robert Shapiro
movieId: ArH240  actor: Joe Eszterhas
movieId: Ari15  actor: Fernando Lujan
movieId: Ari15  actor: Marisa Paredes
movieId: ARk10  actor: Charlie Sheen
movieId: ARk10  actor: Kristy Swenson
movieId: ARk10  actor: Henry Rollins
movieId: ARk10  actor: Josh Mostel
movieId: ARk10  actor: Ray Wise
movieId: ARk12  actor: s a
movieId: ARk12  actor: Bill Paxton
movieId: ARk12  actor: James Caan
movieId: ARk12  actor: Kits
movieId: ARk12  actor: Rob Lowe
movieId: ARk12  actor: s a
movieId: ArL17  actor: Dorothea Kent
movieId: ArL17  actor: Eduardo Cianelli
movieId: ArL22  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: ArL22  actor: Bela Lugosi
movieId: ArL22  actor: Stanley Ridges
movieId: ArL22  actor: Anne Nagel
movieId: ArL22  actor: Anne Gwynne
movieId: ArL22  actor: Virginia Brissac
movieId: ArL22  actor: Paul Fix
movieId: ArL26  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: ArL26  actor: Irene Hervey
movieId: ArL26  actor: Raymond Walburn
movieId: ArL26  actor: Barry Fitzgerald
movieId: ArL26  actor: Robert Armstrong
movieId: ArL26  actor: Lewis Howard
movieId: ArL28  actor: Bud Abbott
movieId: ArL28  actor: Lou Costello
movieId: ArL28  actor: Lee Bowman
movieId: ArL28  actor: Alan Curtis
movieId: ArL28  actor: Jane Frazee
movieId: ArL28  actor: The Andrews~Sisters
movieId: ArL28  actor: Nat Pendleton
movieId: ArL28  actor: Sumuel H. Hinds
movieId: ArL28  actor: Shemp Howard
movieId: ArL29  actor: Bud Abbott
movieId: ArL29  actor: Lou Costello
movieId: ArL29  actor: Joan Davis
movieId: ArL29  actor: The Andrews~Sisters
movieId: ArL29  actor: Richard Carlson
movieId: ArL29  actor: Ted Lewis
movieId: ArL29  actor: Evelyn Ankers
movieId: ArL29  actor: Marc Lawrence
movieId: ArL29  actor: Mischa Auer
movieId: ArL36  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: ArL36  actor: Susanna Foster
movieId: ArL36  actor: Nelson Eddy
movieId: ArL36  actor: Hume Cronyn
movieId: ArL36  actor: Edgar Barrier
movieId: ArL36  actor: Leo Carillo
movieId: ArL36  actor: J.Edward Bromberg
movieId: ArL36  actor: Jane Farrar
movieId: ArL36  actor: Fritz Leiber
movieId: ArL39  actor: Gale Sondergard
movieId: ArL39  actor: Brenda Joyce
movieId: ArL39  actor: Rondo Hatton
movieId: ArL39  actor: Milburn Stone
movieId: ArL46  actor: Leonard Nimoy
movieId: ArL48  actor: Steve Reeves
movieId: ArL49  actor: Steve Reeves
movieId: ArL51  actor: Maureen OHara
movieId: ArL51  actor: George Nader
movieId: ArL51  actor: Victor McLaglen
movieId: ArL51  actor: Rex Reason
movieId: ArL51  actor: Torin Thatcher
movieId: ArL51  actor: Eduard Franz
movieId: ArL51  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: ArL56  actor: Steve Reeves
movieId: ArL58  actor: Steve Reeves
movieId: ArL58  actor: Georgia Moll
movieId: ArL58  actor: Arturo Dominici
movieId: ArL60  actor: Steve Reeves
movieId: ArL61  actor: Steve Reeves
movieId: ARm10  actor: Emma Thompson
movieId: ARm10  actor: Phyllida Law
movieId: ArN10  actor: Barry Newman
movieId: ArN10  actor: Trisha Noble
movieId: ArN10  actor: Bill Kerr
movieId: ArN10  actor: Bruce Spence
movieId: ArN10  actor: Alwyn Kurts
movieId: ArN10  actor: John Ewart
movieId: ArN10  actor: Willie Fennell
movieId: ArN10  actor: Vincent Ball
movieId: ArN10  actor: Eric Pearce
movieId: ArN10  actor: Noel Trevarthen
movieId: ARo10  actor: Robert Urich
movieId: ARo10  actor: JoBeth Williams
movieId: ARo10  actor: Paul Dooley
movieId: ARo10  actor: Hoyt Aston
movieId: ARo10  actor: Peter Coyote
movieId: ArP1  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: ArP1  actor: Hurd Hatfield
movieId: ArP1  actor: Lita Milan
movieId: ArP1  actor: John Dehner
movieId: ArP1  actor: Denver Pyle
movieId: ArP1  actor: Nester Paiva
movieId: ArP1  actor: John Dierkes
movieId: ArP1  actor: James Congdon
movieId: ArP4  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: ArP4  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: ArP4  actor: James Fox
movieId: ArP4  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: ArP4  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: ArP4  actor: Angie Dickenson
movieId: ArP4  actor: Janice Rule
movieId: ArP4  actor: E.G. Marshall
movieId: ArP4  actor: Miriam Hopkins
movieId: ArP4  actor: Henry Hull
movieId: ArP4  actor: s a
movieId: ArP5  actor: Warren Beatty
movieId: ArP5  actor: Faye Dunaway
movieId: ArP5  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: ArP5  actor: Estelle Parsons
movieId: ArP5  actor: Michael J. Pollard
movieId: ArP5  actor: Dub Taylor
movieId: ArP5  actor: Denver Pyle
movieId: ArP5  actor: Gene Wilder
movieId: ArP10  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: ArP10  actor: Faye Dunaway
movieId: ArP10  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: ArP10  actor: Chief Dan George
movieId: ArP10  actor: Richard Mulligan
movieId: ArP15  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: ArP15  actor: Susan Clark
movieId: ArP15  actor: Edward Binns
movieId: ArP15  actor: Harris Yulin
movieId: ArP15  actor: Kenneth Mars
movieId: ArP15  actor: Melanie Griffith
movieId: ArP15  actor: James Woods
movieId: ArP15  actor: Jennifer Warren
movieId: ArP16  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: ArP16  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: ArP16  actor: Randy Quaid
movieId: ArP16  actor: Kathleen Lloyd
movieId: ArP16  actor: Frederic Forrest
movieId: ArP16  actor: Harry Dean Stanton
movieId: ArP16  actor: John McLiam
movieId: ArP18  actor: Anne Bancroft
movieId: ArP18  actor: Patty Duke (Astin)
movieId: ArP18  actor: Victor Jory
movieId: ArP18  actor: Patty Inga Svensen
movieId: ArP18  actor: Andrew PIne
movieId: ArP18  actor: Melissa Gilbert
movieId: ArP20  actor: Craig Wasson
movieId: ArP20  actor: Jodi Thelen
movieId: ArP20  actor: Lois Smith
movieId: ArP20  actor: Michael Huddleston
movieId: ArR10  actor: Lars Hansen
movieId: ArR10  actor: Lya dePutti
movieId: ARu4  actor: Keith Carradine
movieId: ARu4  actor: Sally Kellerman
movieId: ARu4  actor: Geraldine Chaplin
movieId: ARu4  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: ARu4  actor: Lauren Hutton
movieId: ARu4  actor: Sissy Spacek
movieId: ARu4  actor: John Considine
movieId: ARu4  actor: Viveca Lindfors
movieId: ARu4  actor: Richard Baskin
movieId: ARu4  actor: Denver Pyle
movieId: ARu10  actor: Lesley Ann Warren
movieId: ARu10  actor: Genevieve Bujold
movieId: ARu10  actor: Rae Dawn Chong
movieId: ARu10  actor: Keith Carradine
movieId: ARu10  actor: John Laroquette
movieId: ARu10  actor: Edward Ruscha
movieId: ARu10  actor: Patrick Bachau
movieId: ARu20  actor: Tom Berenger
movieId: ARu20  actor: Ann Magnusson
movieId: ARu20  actor: Elizabeth Perkins
movieId: ARu20  actor: Anne Archer
movieId: ARu28  actor: Julie Christie
movieId: ARu28  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: ARu28  actor: Lara Flynn Boyle
movieId: ARu28  actor: Jonny Lee Miller
movieId: ARw12  actor: Rosie Perez
movieId: ARw12  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: ARw12  actor: Steve Buscemi
movieId: ARw12  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: ARw12  actor: Quentin Tarantino
movieId: AS24  actor: Scott Baio
movieId: ASa30  actor: Charles Farrell
movieId: ASa30  actor: Elissa Landi
movieId: ASa30  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: ASa30  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: ASa30  actor: Donald Dillaway
movieId: ASa34  actor: Marian Nixan
movieId: ASa34  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: ASa34  actor: Mae Marsh
movieId: ASa34  actor: Louise Closser Hale
movieId: ASa34  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: ASa34  actor: Charlotte Henry
movieId: ASa39  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: ASa39  actor: s a
movieId: ASa39  actor: s a
movieId: ASa39  actor: Hume Cronin
movieId: ASa39  actor: s a
movieId: ASa39  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: ASa39  actor: s a
movieId: ASa39  actor: s a
movieId: ASa39  actor: s a
movieId: ASa39  actor: s a
movieId: ASa41  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: ASa41  actor: Margo
movieId: ASa50  actor: Michael OShea
movieId: ASa50  actor: Louise Beavers
movieId: ASa50  actor: Susan Hayward
movieId: ASa50  actor: Osa Massen
movieId: ASa50  actor: Harry Davenport
movieId: ASa50  actor: Virginia Mayo
movieId: ASa50  actor: Hobart Cavenaugh
movieId: ASa50  actor: Frank Craven
movieId: ASa50  actor: Jonathan Hale
movieId: ASa50  actor: Ralph Morgan
movieId: ASa50  actor: Regis Toomey
movieId: ASa50  actor: Leonard Strong
movieId: ASa50  actor: Wallis Clark
movieId: ASa50  actor: Jack London
movieId: ASa51  actor: William Bendix
movieId: ASe10  actor: Robert Preston
movieId: ASe10  actor: Jean Simmons
movieId: ASe10  actor: Aline McMahon
movieId: ASe10  actor: Pat Hingle
movieId: ASe10  actor: Michael Kearney
movieId: ASf8  actor: Shelley Long
movieId: ASf8  actor: Gary Cole
movieId: ASf8  actor: Tim Matheson
movieId: ASf8  actor: Christine Taylor
movieId: ASf8  actor: Jennifer Elise Cox
movieId: ASf8  actor: Christopher Daniel Barnes
movieId: ASf10  actor: Jonathan Taylor
movieId: ASh10  actor: Cary Elwes
movieId: ASh10  actor: Alicia Silverstone
movieId: ASh10  actor: Jennifer Rubin
movieId: ASh10  actor: Kurtwood Smith
movieId: ASi10  actor: Pat Morita
movieId: ASi10  actor: Dona Spei
movieId: ASi10  actor: Carolyn Lin
movieId: ASi10  actor: Roberta Vasquez
movieId: ASi10  actor: Cynthia Brimhall
movieId: ASi10  actor: Erik Estrada
movieId: ASi10  actor: Stephanie Schick
movieId: ASj15  actor: Stig Jarrel
movieId: ASj15  actor: Alf Kjellin
movieId: ASj15  actor: Mai Zettering
movieId: AsL10  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: AsL10  actor: David Janssen
movieId: AsL10  actor: Ann Turkel
movieId: AsL10  actor: John Vernon
movieId: AsL10  actor: John Carradine
movieId: AsL10  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: ASm10  actor: Luke Edwards
movieId: ASm10  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: ASm10  actor: Ashley Crow
movieId: ASm10  actor: Dennis Farina
movieId: ASm10  actor: Timothy Busfield
movieId: ASo1  actor: Brooke Shields
movieId: ASo1  actor: Linda Miller
movieId: ASo1  actor: Paula Sheppard
movieId: ASR15  actor: Bill Boyd
movieId: ASR15  actor: Fred Kohler
movieId: ASR15  actor: Gonger Rogers
movieId: ASR15  actor: Hobart Bosworth
movieId: ASR15  actor: Marie Prevost
movieId: ASR15  actor: Walter Percival
movieId: ASR15  actor: Eddie Chandler
movieId: ASR40  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: ASR40  actor: Gladys Coioper
movieId: ASR40  actor: Broderick Crawford
movieId: ASR40  actor: Hugh Herbert
movieId: ASR40  actor: Gale Sondergaard
movieId: ASR40  actor: Anne Gwynne
movieId: ASR40  actor: Alan Ladd
movieId: ASR40  actor: Cecelia Loftus
movieId: ASR40  actor: Bela Lugosi
movieId: ASS10  actor: Kiranmala
movieId: ASS10  actor: Tomba
movieId: ASS10  actor: Manbi
movieId: ASS10  actor: Dhiren
movieId: ASt10  actor: Ashok Kumar
movieId: ASt10  actor: Rakhee
movieId: ASt10  actor: Sharad Kapoor
movieId: ASt10  actor: Suman Ranganathan
movieId: ASu10  actor: Anders Norberg
movieId: ASu10  actor: Kjell Sucksdorff
movieId: ASu10  actor: Arne Sucksdorff
movieId: ASv10  actor: s a
movieId: ASv10  actor: s a
movieId: ATa5  actor: Bulle Ogier
movieId: ATa5  actor: JeanLuc Bideau
movieId: ATa5  actor: Jacques Denis
movieId: ATa10  actor: JeanLuc Bideau
movieId: ATa10  actor: Raymond Bussieres
movieId: ATa30  actor: Myriam Mezieres
movieId: ATa30  actor: Aziz Khabouch
movieId: ATa30  actor: Benoit Regent
movieId: AtB11  actor: Robert Carlyle
movieId: AtB11  actor: Guy Pearce
movieId: AtB11  actor: Jeremy Davis
movieId: AtB11  actor: Jeffrey Jones
movieId: AtB11  actor: David Arquette
movieId: ATk10  actor: Emily Watson
movieId: ATk10  actor: Rachel Griffiths
movieId: ATk10  actor: James Frein
movieId: ATk10  actor: David Morrissey
movieId: ATk12  actor: s a
movieId: ATk12  actor: Emily Watson
movieId: ATu1  actor: Rebacca Smart
movieId: ATu1  actor: s a
movieId: ATu1  actor: s a
movieId: ATe2  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: ATe3  actor: Isabelle Adjani
movieId: ATe3  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: ATe10  actor: Catherine Deneuve
movieId: ATe10  actor: Wadeck Stanczak
movieId: ATe10  actor: Danielle Darrieux
movieId: ATe10  actor: Nicolas Giraudi
movieId: ATe10  actor: Claire Nebout
movieId: ATe16  actor: Elodie Bouchez
movieId: ATe20  actor: Daniel Auteuil
movieId: ATe20  actor: Didier Bezac
movieId: ATe20  actor: Laurence cote
movieId: ATe20  actor: Catherine Deneuve
movieId: ATe22  actor: Juliette Binoche
movieId: ATe22  actor: Alexis Loret
movieId: AtH10  actor: Sonny Tufts
movieId: AtH10  actor: Victor Jory
movieId: AtH10  actor: Marie Windsor
movieId: AtH10  actor: s a
movieId: ATn10  actor: Matthew Perry
movieId: ATn10  actor: Salma Hayek
movieId: ATn10  actor: Drew Barrymore
movieId: ATn10  actor: Anjelica Houston
movieId: ATn10  actor: Megan Dodds
movieId: ATn10  actor: Melanie Lynskey
movieId: ATn10  actor: Dougray Scott
movieId: ATn10  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: ATn12  actor: Jodie Foster
movieId: ATn12  actor: Chan Yun Fat
movieId: ATn12  actor: Bai Ling
movieId: ATn12  actor: Tom Felton
movieId: ATn12  actor: Randolph Kim
movieId: ATn12  actor: Gel Li Parmaren
movieId: ATn12  actor: s a
movieId: ATn12  actor: s a
movieId: AtR10  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: AtR10  actor: James Mitchum
movieId: AtR10  actor: Keely Smith
movieId: AtR10  actor: Gene Barry
movieId: AtR10  actor: Sandra Knight
movieId: AtR10  actor: Randy Sparks
movieId: AtR10  actor: Peter Breck
movieId: AuB10  actor: Carl Schenstrom
movieId: AuB10  actor: Clara Wieth
movieId: AuB10  actor: Robert Dinesen
movieId: AuB10  actor: Julie Hendriksen
movieId: AuJ10  actor: The Bowery Boys
movieId: AuJ10  actor: Mel Wells
movieId: AuJ10  actor: Stanley Clements
movieId: Ava3  actor: Corinne Marchand
movieId: AVa10  actor: Sandrine Bonnaire
movieId: AVa12  actor: Jaques Demy
movieId: AVa17  actor: Michel Piccoli
movieId: AVL2  actor: Victor McLaglen
movieId: AVL2  actor: Gavin Muir
movieId: AVL2  actor: George Macready
movieId: AVL6  actor: Hank Worden
movieId: AVL7  actor: James Stewart
movieId: AVL9  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: AVL9  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: AVL10  actor: James Stewart
movieId: AVL10  actor: Dean Martin
movieId: AVL10  actor: Raquel Welch
movieId: AVL10  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: AVL10  actor: Andrew Prine
movieId: AVL10  actor: Will Geer
movieId: AVL11  actor: John Wayne
movieId: AVL11  actor: Rock Hudson
movieId: AVL11  actor: Lee Meriwether
movieId: AVL11  actor: Tony Aguilar
movieId: AVL11  actor: Roman Gabriel
movieId: AVL11  actor: Royal Dano
movieId: AVL13  actor: John Wayne
movieId: AVL13  actor: Jin Hutton
movieId: AVL13  actor: Katherine Ross
movieId: AVL13  actor: Vera Miles
movieId: AVL13  actor: Bruce cabot
movieId: AVL13  actor: Jay C. Flippen
movieId: AVL13  actor: Barbara Stuart
movieId: AVL19  actor: Cheri Caffaro
movieId: AVL30  actor: Roger Moore
movieId: AVL30  actor: Richard Burton
movieId: AVL30  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: AVL30  actor: Hardy Kruger
movieId: AVL30  actor: Stewart Granger
movieId: AVL30  actor: Jack Watson
movieId: AVL30  actor: Frank Finlay
movieId: AVL30  actor: Kenneth Griffith
movieId: AVL30  actor: Barry Foster
movieId: AVL30  actor: Jeff Corey
movieId: AVL30  actor: Ronald Fraser
movieId: AVL30  actor: Percy Herbert
movieId: AVL30  actor: Patrick Allen
movieId: AVL30  actor: Jane Hylton
movieId: AVL35  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: AVL35  actor: David Niven
movieId: AVL35  actor: Trevor Howard
movieId: AVo10  actor: Klaus Kinski
movieId: AVo10  actor: Heinz Drache
movieId: AVo10  actor: Ady Berber
movieId: AVo10  actor: Sabine Sesselman
movieId: AvS10  actor: Lillian Hellman
movieId: AvS10  actor: Ralph Richardson
movieId: AvS10  actor: Barbara Steisand
movieId: AvS10  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: AvS10  actor: Greer Garson
movieId: AvS10  actor: Audrey Hepburn
movieId: AvS10  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: AvS10  actor: Laurence Oliver
movieId: AvS10  actor: Billy Wilder
movieId: AvS10  actor: John Huston
movieId: AvW10  actor: Alex vanWarmerdam
movieId: AvW10  actor: Henri Garcin
movieId: AvW10  actor: Olga Zuiderhoek
movieId: AvW12  actor: Leonard Lucieer
movieId: AvW12  actor: Jack Wouterse
movieId: AvW12  actor: Annet Malherbe
movieId: AvW12  actor: Alex VanWarmerdam
movieId: AvW12  actor: Rudolf Lucieer
movieId: AvW12  actor: s a
movieId: AvW12  actor: Loes Wouterson
movieId: AvW12  actor: s a
movieId: AvW19  actor: Alex vanWarmerdam
movieId: AvW19  actor: Annet Malherbe
movieId: AvW19  actor: s a
movieId: AWa5  actor: Gerard Malanga
movieId: AWe10  actor: Sarah Polley
movieId: AWe10  actor: Stephen Rea
movieId: AWe10  actor: jean Smart
movieId: AWj5  actor: Tadeusz Lomnicki
movieId: AWj5  actor: Tadeusz Janczar
movieId: AWj10  actor: Zbigniew Cybulski
movieId: AWj13  actor: Tadeusz Lomnicki
movieId: AWj13  actor: Krystyna Stypulnicki
movieId: AWj15  actor: s a
movieId: AWj15  actor: s a
movieId: AWj15  actor: s a
movieId: AWj16  actor: Serge Moulin
movieId: AWj20  actor: Andrzej Lapicki
movieId: AWj20  actor: Bogumil Kobiela
movieId: AWj20  actor: Daniel Olbrychiski
movieId: AWj22  actor: Daniel Olbrychiski
movieId: AWj23  actor: Olgierd Lukaszewicz
movieId: AWj23  actor: s a
movieId: AWj23  actor: Daniel Olbrychiski
movieId: AWj25  actor: Daniel Olbrychiski
movieId: AWj25  actor: s a
movieId: AWj27  actor: Daniel Olbrychiski
movieId: AWj27  actor: Andrzej Seweryn
movieId: AWj27  actor: Wojciech Pszoniak
movieId: AWj29  actor: Marek Kondrat
movieId: AWj30  actor: Krystyna Janda
movieId: AWj30  actor: Jerzy Radziwilowicz
movieId: AWj31  actor: Zbigniew Zapasiewicz
movieId: AWj33  actor: Daniel Olbrychiski
movieId: AWj34  actor: Krystyna Janda
movieId: AWj34  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: AWj34  actor: Andrzej Seweryn
movieId: AWj35  actor: Jerzy Radziwilowicz
movieId: AWj35  actor: Krystyna Janda
movieId: AWj35  actor: Lech Walesa
movieId: AWj37  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: AWj37  actor: Wojciek Pszoniak
movieId: AWj37  actor: Patrice Chereau
movieId: AWj37  actor: Roger Planchon
movieId: AWj38  actor: Hanna Schygulla
movieId: AWj38  actor: Piotr Lysak
movieId: AWj38  actor: Armin MuellerStahl
movieId: AWj41  actor: Jerzy Radziwilowicz
movieId: AWj41  actor: Isabelle Huppert
movieId: AWj41  actor: Bernard Blier
movieId: AWj41  actor: Lambert Wilson
movieId: AWj41  actor: Omar Sharif
movieId: AWj43  actor: Piotr Wawrzynczak
movieId: AWj43  actor: Tadeus Konwicki
movieId: AWj45  actor: Wojciek Pszoniak
movieId: AWk10  actor: James Belushi
movieId: AWk10  actor: Lorraine Bracco
movieId: AWk10  actor: Tony Goldwyn
movieId: AWw3  actor: Jennifer Tilly
movieId: AWw3  actor: Gina Gershon
movieId: AWw3  actor: Joe Pantolino
movieId: AWw3  actor: s a
movieId: AWw3  actor: s a
movieId: AWw3  actor: s a
movieId: AWw10  actor: Keanu Reeves
movieId: AWw10  actor: Laurence Fishburn
movieId: AWw10  actor: CarrieAnne Moss
movieId: AWw10  actor: Hogo Weaving
movieId: AxC10  actor: Michael StGerard
movieId: AxC10  actor: John P. Ryan
movieId: AxP10  actor: Reese Witherspoon
movieId: AxP10  actor: Matthew Broderick
movieId: AxP10  actor: s a
movieId: AxP10  actor: s a
movieId: AxP10  actor: s a
movieId: AxP10  actor: s a
movieId: AxP10  actor: s a
movieId: AxP10  actor: s a
movieId: AxP10  actor: s a
movieId: AxP10  actor: s a
movieId: AxS10  actor: Lola Albright
movieId: AxS10  actor: Scott Marlowe
movieId: AxS10  actor: Joe deSantis
movieId: AxS10  actor: Hershel Bernardi
movieId: AyW10  actor: s a
movieId: AyW11  actor: Julie Delpy
movieId: AyW11  actor: Everett Scott
movieId: AyW11  actor: David Naughton
movieId: AyW11  actor: Jenny Agutter
movieId: AxA10  actor: Sophie Marceau
movieId: AZu5  actor: Romy Schneider
movieId: AZu14  actor: Sophie Marceau
movieId: AZu18  actor: Sophie Marceau
movieId: AZu19  actor: Sophie Marceau
movieId: AZu20  actor: Sophie Marceau
movieId: AZu25  actor: s a
movieId: AZu26  actor: Pascal Gregory
movieId: AZu26  actor: Sophie Marceau
movieId: AZu26  actor: s a
movieId: BaB10  actor: David Carradine
movieId: BaB10  actor: Jennifer ONeill
movieId: BaB10  actor: Joseph Bottoms
movieId: BaD13  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: BaD13  actor: Jimmy Hanley
movieId: BaD13  actor: Dirk Bogarde
movieId: BaD13  actor: Meredith Edwards
movieId: BaD13  actor: Robert Flemyng
movieId: BaD13  actor: Bernard Lee
movieId: BaD13  actor: Patric Doonan
movieId: BaD13  actor: Peggy Evans
movieId: BaD13  actor: Gladys Henson
movieId: BaD13  actor: Dora Bryan
movieId: BaD22  actor: Benny Hill
movieId: BaD22  actor: Belinda Lee
movieId: BaD22  actor: David Kosoff
movieId: BaD22  actor: Garry Marsh
movieId: BaD22  actor: Ernest Thesiger
movieId: BaD22  actor: Thorley Walters
movieId: BaD26  actor: Jack Hawkins
movieId: BaD26  actor: Richard Attenborough
movieId: BaD26  actor: Roger Livesey
movieId: BaD26  actor: Nigel Patrick
movieId: BaD26  actor: Bryan Forbes
movieId: BaD26  actor: Kieron moore
movieId: BaD26  actor: Terence Alexander
movieId: BaD26  actor: Norman Bird
movieId: BaD26  actor: David Lodge
movieId: BaD26  actor: Doris Hare
movieId: BaD26  actor: Lydia Sherwood
movieId: BaD28  actor: Patrick McGoohan
movieId: BaD28  actor: Richard Attenborough
movieId: BaD28  actor: Keith Mitchell
movieId: BaD28  actor: Betsy Blair
movieId: BaD28  actor: Marti Stevens
movieId: BaD28  actor: Paul Harris
movieId: BaD28  actor: Bernard Braden
movieId: BaD29  actor: Dirk Bogarde
movieId: BaD29  actor: Sylvia Sims
movieId: BaD29  actor: Peter McEnery
movieId: BaD29  actor: Dennis Price
movieId: BaD29  actor: Hilton Edwards
movieId: BaD29  actor: John Barrie
movieId: BaD29  actor: Norman Bird
movieId: BaD29  actor: Anthony Nicholls
movieId: BaD29  actor: Charles Lloyd Pack
movieId: BaD29  actor: Derren Nesbitt
movieId: BaD29  actor: John Cairney
movieId: BaD29  actor: Hilton Edwards
movieId: BaD29  actor: Peter Copley
movieId: BaD29  actor: Donald Churchill
movieId: BaD29  actor: Nigel Stock
movieId: BaD35  actor: Cliff Robertson
movieId: BaD35  actor: Jack Hawkins
movieId: BaD35  actor: Charles Gray
movieId: BaD35  actor: Bill Fraser
movieId: BaD35  actor: Marissa Mell
movieId: BaD35  actor: Michel Piccoli
movieId: BaD35  actor: John LeMesurier
movieId: BaD39  actor: Roger Moore
movieId: BaD39  actor: Roger Moore
movieId: BaD39  actor: Hildegarde Neil
movieId: BaD39  actor: Olga GeorgesPicot
movieId: BaD39  actor: Anton Rodgers
movieId: BaD39  actor: Freddie Jones
movieId: BaD39  actor: Thorley Walters
movieId: BaD39  actor: John Carson
movieId: BaD39  actor: John Welsh
movieId: BaK20  actor: Jim Guyette
movieId: BaK20  actor: Ray Rodgers
movieId: BaK20  actor: Lewie Anderson
movieId: BaK20  actor: John Morrison
movieId: BaL1  actor: Paul Mercurio
movieId: BaL1  actor: Tara Morice
movieId: BaL1  actor: Barry Otto
movieId: BaL1  actor: Pat Thomson
movieId: BaL1  actor: Peter Whitford
movieId: BaL1  actor: Gia Carides
movieId: BaL1  actor: Bill Hunter
movieId: BaL4  actor: Leonardo DiCaprio
movieId: BaL4  actor: Claire Danes
movieId: BaL9  actor: Nicole Kidman
movieId: BaL9  actor: Ewan McGregor
movieId: BaL9  actor: Richard Roxburgh
movieId: BaL9  actor: Jon Leguizamo
movieId: BaL9  actor: Jim Broadbent
movieId: BaL9  actor: Gary McDonald
movieId: BaL9  actor: Jacek Koman
movieId: BaL9  actor: Matthew Whittet
movieId: BaL9  actor: Kerry Walker
movieId: BaL9  actor: Carolinr OConnor
movieId: BaL9  actor: Christine Anu
movieId: BaL9  actor: Natalie Mendoza
movieId: BaL9  actor: David Wenham
movieId: BaL9  actor: Lara Mulcahy
movieId: BaL9  actor: Kylie Minogue
movieId: BaL9  actor: Ozzy Osborne
movieId: BaL9  actor: Deobia Oparei
movieId: BaL9  actor: Linal Haft
movieId: BaL9  actor: Norman Kaye
movieId: BaL9  actor: Jonathan Hardy
movieId: BaL9  actor: Placido Domingo
movieId: BaP10  actor: Thalmus Rasulala
movieId: BaP10  actor: Judy Pace
movieId: BaP10  actor: Jim Watkins
movieId: BaP10  actor: Raymond StJacques
movieId: BaP10  actor: Lincoln Kirkpatrick
movieId: BaS10  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: BaS10  actor: s a
movieId: BaS10  actor: s a
movieId: BB2  actor: s a
movieId: BB4  actor: Pierre Clementi
movieId: BB4  actor: Stefania Sandrelli
movieId: BB4  actor: Tina Aumont
movieId: BB4  actor: Sergio Tofano
movieId: BB4  actor: Giulio Cesare Castello
movieId: BB5  actor: Giulio Brogi
movieId: BB5  actor: Giulio Brogi
movieId: BB5  actor: Alida Valli
movieId: BB5  actor: Tino Scotti
movieId: BB5  actor: Pino Campaninin
movieId: BB6  actor: JeanLouis Trintignant
movieId: BB6  actor: Stefani Sandrelli
movieId: BB6  actor: Dominique Sanda
movieId: BB6  actor: Pierre Clementi
movieId: BB6  actor: Gastoni Moschin
movieId: BB6  actor: Ezno Tarascio
movieId: BB7  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: BB7  actor: Maria Schneider
movieId: BB7  actor: JaenPierre Leaud
movieId: BB7  actor: Massimo Girotti
movieId: BB7  actor: Catherine Allegret
movieId: BB7  actor: Maria Michi
movieId: BB7  actor: Catherine Breillat
movieId: BB8  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: BB8  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: BB8  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: BB8  actor: s a
movieId: BB8  actor: Dominique Sanda
movieId: BB8  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: BB8  actor: Sterling Hayden
movieId: BB8  actor: Alida Valli
movieId: BB8  actor: M. Valli
movieId: BB9  actor: Jill Clayburgh
movieId: BB9  actor: Matthew Barry
movieId: BB10  actor: Ugo Tognazzi
movieId: BB10  actor: Anouk Aimee
movieId: BB11  actor: John Lone
movieId: BB11  actor: Joan Chen
movieId: BB11  actor: Peter OToole
movieId: BB11  actor: Jade Go
movieId: BB11  actor: Vivian Wu
movieId: BB15  actor: Debra Winger
movieId: BB15  actor: John Malkovich
movieId: BB15  actor: Campbell Scott
movieId: BB15  actor: Jill Bennett
movieId: BB15  actor: Timothy Spall
movieId: BB15  actor: Paul Bowles
movieId: BB15  actor: Eric VuAn
movieId: BB17  actor: Keanu Reeves
movieId: BB17  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: BB17  actor: Chris Isaak
movieId: BB22  actor: David Thewlis
movieId: BB22  actor: Thandie Newton
movieId: BBa1  actor: Sonia Braga
movieId: BBa1  actor: Jose Wilker
movieId: BBa1  actor: Mauro Mendonco
movieId: BBa5  actor: Stephen Baldwin
movieId: BBa5  actor: Chris Penn
movieId: BbB3  actor: Stuart Whitman
movieId: BbB3  actor: Mai Britt
movieId: BbB3  actor: Henry Morgan
movieId: BbB3  actor: Peter Falk
movieId: BbB3  actor: David J. Stewart
movieId: BbB3  actor: Simon Oakland
movieId: BbB3  actor: Morey Amsterdam
movieId: BbB3  actor: Stuart Whitman
movieId: BbB3  actor: s a
movieId: BBe1  actor: Dick Powell
movieId: BBe1  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: BBe1  actor: Gloria Stuart
movieId: BBe1  actor: Alice Brady
movieId: BBe1  actor: Glenda Farrell
movieId: BBe1  actor: Hugh Herbert
movieId: BBe1  actor: Frank McHugh
movieId: BBe1  actor: Grant Mitchell
movieId: BBe1  actor: Wini Shaw
movieId: BBe17  actor: Judy Garland
movieId: BBe17  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: BBe17  actor: Paul Whiteman
movieId: BBe17  actor: June Preisser
movieId: BBe17  actor: Ann Shoemaker
movieId: BBe17  actor: William Tracy
movieId: BBe17  actor: Larry Nunn
movieId: BBe17  actor: Virginia Brissac
movieId: BBe19  actor: Judy Garland
movieId: BBe19  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: BBe19  actor: Richard Quine
movieId: BBe19  actor: Ray McDonald
movieId: BBe19  actor: James Gleason
movieId: BBe19  actor: Fay Rainier
movieId: BBe19  actor: Virginia Weidler
movieId: BBe19  actor: Donald Meek
movieId: BBe20  actor: Gene Kelly
movieId: BBe20  actor: Judy Garland
movieId: BBe21  actor: Alice Faye
movieId: BBe21  actor: Carmen Miranda
movieId: BBe21  actor: Phil Baker
movieId: BBe21  actor: Benny Goodman
movieId: BBe21  actor: Eugene Pallette
movieId: BBe21  actor: Charlotte Greenwood
movieId: BBe21  actor: Edward Everett Horton
movieId: BBe21  actor: Tony DeMarco
movieId: BBe21  actor: James Ellison
movieId: BBe21  actor: Sheila Ryan
movieId: BBe21  actor: Dave Willock
movieId: BBe21  actor: June Haver
movieId: BBe21  actor: Jeanne Crain
movieId: BBe21  actor: Lillian Yarbo
movieId: BBe21  actor: Frank Darien
movieId: BBe21  actor: Miriam Lavelle
movieId: BBe21  actor: Frank Faylen
movieId: BBe21  actor: Russell Hoyt
movieId: BBe23  actor: Gene Kelly
movieId: BBe23  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: BBe23  actor: Esther Williams
movieId: BBe23  actor: Betty Garrett
movieId: BBe23  actor: Jules Munshin
movieId: BBe23  actor: Edward Arnold
movieId: BBe23  actor: Richard Lane
movieId: BBe23  actor: Tom Dugan
movieId: BBi10  actor: Edward Herrmann
movieId: BBi10  actor: Barbara Harris
movieId: BBi10  actor: Susan Clark
movieId: BBi10  actor: Karen Valentine
movieId: BBi10  actor: Michael Constantine
movieId: BBi10  actor: Cloris Leachman
movieId: BBi10  actor: Patsy Kelly
movieId: BBi10  actor: Douglas Fowley
movieId: BBi10  actor: Alan Hale~jr
movieId: BBl1  actor: Bernard Blier
movieId: BBo10  actor: Gilbert Roland
movieId: BBo27  actor: Randolph Scott
movieId: BBo27  actor: Richard Boone
movieId: BBr10  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: BBr10  actor: Maud Adams
movieId: BBT10  actor: Matt Damon
movieId: BBT10  actor: Henry Thomas
movieId: BBw10  actor: Bruce Brown
movieId: BBw10  actor: Mike Hynson
movieId: BBw20  actor: Robert Weaver
movieId: BBw20  actor: Patrick OConnell
movieId: BBy10  actor: Joe Penny
movieId: BBy10  actor: Jordan Michaels
movieId: BBy10  actor: Kristine DeBell
movieId: BCh10  actor: Ben Gazzara
movieId: BCh10  actor: Audrey Hepburn
movieId: BCo10  actor: Ian McKellen
movieId: BCo10  actor: Brendan Fraser
movieId: BCo10  actor: Lynn Redgrave
movieId: BCl1  actor: Richard Backus
movieId: BCl1  actor: s a
movieId: BCl1  actor: s a
movieId: BCl1  actor: s a
movieId: BCl4  actor: Christopher Plummer
movieId: BCl4  actor: James Mason
movieId: BCl4  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: BCl4  actor: Anthony Quayle
movieId: BCl4  actor: David Hemmings
movieId: BCl4  actor: Susan Clark
movieId: BCl4  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: BCl4  actor: Frank Finlay
movieId: BCl4  actor: Peter Jonfield
movieId: BCl5  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: BCl5  actor: Robby Benson
movieId: BCl5  actor: Lee Remick
movieId: BCl5  actor: Colleen Dewhurst
movieId: BCl5  actor: Kim Catrall
movieId: BCl5  actor: John Marley
movieId: BCl7  actor: Kim Cattrall
movieId: BCl7  actor: Scott Colomby
movieId: BCl7  actor: Kaki Hunter
movieId: BCl7  actor: Susan Clark
movieId: BCl10  actor: Peter Billingsley
movieId: BCl10  actor: Darren McGavin
movieId: BCl10  actor: Melinda Dillon
movieId: BCl10  actor: Ian Petrella
movieId: BCr10  actor: Billy Crystal
movieId: BCr10  actor: Julie Warner
movieId: BCr10  actor: David Paymer
movieId: BCr10  actor: Julie Warner
movieId: BCr10  actor: Mary Maya
movieId: BCr10  actor: Helen Hunt
movieId: BCr10  actor: Ron Silver
movieId: BDC8  actor: Ray Walston
movieId: BDC8  actor: Erin Moran
movieId: BDC8  actor: s a
movieId: BDC8  actor: Edward Albert
movieId: BDH10  actor: John Lodge
movieId: BDH10  actor: Antoinette Celier
movieId: BDH10  actor: Aileen Marson
movieId: BDH10  actor: Clifford Evans
movieId: BDH10  actor: George Graves
movieId: BDH30  actor: Alastair Simms
movieId: BDH30  actor: Mervyn Johns
movieId: BDH30  actor: Michael Hodern
movieId: BDH30  actor: Francis deWolff
movieId: BDH30  actor: Michael Dolan
movieId: BDH30  actor: C.Konarski
movieId: BDn2  actor: Gerald duMaurier
movieId: BDn2  actor: Edna Best
movieId: BDn2  actor: Madeleine Carroll
movieId: BDn2  actor: Gordon Harker
movieId: BDn2  actor: Felix Aylmer
movieId: BDn7  actor: Brian Aherne
movieId: BDn7  actor: Victoria Hopper
movieId: BDn7  actor: Leonora Corbett
movieId: BDn7  actor: Lyn Harding
movieId: BDn7  actor: Mary Clare
movieId: BDn7  actor: Jane Baxter
movieId: BDn13  actor: Margaret Lockwood
movieId: BdP1  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: BdP2  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: BdP2  actor: Jennifer Salt
movieId: BdP2  actor: Allan Garfield
movieId: BdP2  actor: Lara Parker
movieId: BdP2  actor: Gerrit Graham
movieId: BdP2  actor: Ruth Alda
movieId: BdP8  actor: Margot Kidder
movieId: BdP8  actor: Margot Kidder
movieId: BdP8  actor: Jennifer Salt
movieId: BdP8  actor: Charles Durning
movieId: BdP8  actor: Bill Finley
movieId: BdP8  actor: Lisle Wilson
movieId: BdP8  actor: Mary Davenport
movieId: BdP10  actor: Paul Williams
movieId: BdP10  actor: William Finley
movieId: BdP10  actor: Jessica Harper
movieId: BdP10  actor: Gearge Memmoli
movieId: BdP10  actor: Gerrit Graham
movieId: BdP11  actor: Cliff Robertson
movieId: BdP11  actor: Genevieve Bujold
movieId: BdP11  actor: Genevieve Bujold
movieId: BdP11  actor: John Lithgow
movieId: BdP11  actor: Sylvia Williams
movieId: BdP11  actor: Wanda Blackman
movieId: BdP11  actor: Patrick McNamara
movieId: BdP12  actor: Sissy Spacek
movieId: BdP12  actor: Piper Laurie
movieId: BdP12  actor: Amy Irving
movieId: BdP12  actor: Nancy Allen
movieId: BdP12  actor: William Katt
movieId: BdP12  actor: John Travolta
movieId: BdP13  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: BdP13  actor: John Cassavetes
movieId: BdP13  actor: Andrew Stevens
movieId: BdP13  actor: Amy Irving
movieId: BdP13  actor: Carrie Snodgrass
movieId: BdP13  actor: Charles Durning
movieId: BdP13  actor: Fiona Lewis
movieId: BdP14  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: BdP14  actor: Angie Dickinson
movieId: BdP14  actor: Nancy Allen
movieId: BdP14  actor: Keith Gordon
movieId: BdP14  actor: Dennis Franz
movieId: BdP14  actor: s a
movieId: BdP15  actor: John Travolta
movieId: BdP15  actor: Nancy Allen
movieId: BdP16  actor: Al Pacino
movieId: BdP16  actor: Steven Bauer
movieId: BdP16  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: BdP16  actor: Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio
movieId: BdP16  actor: Robert Loggia
movieId: BdP16  actor: Miriam Colon
movieId: BdP17  actor: Craig Wesson
movieId: BdP17  actor: Melanie Griffith
movieId: BdP17  actor: Gregg Henry
movieId: BdP17  actor: Barbara Crampton
movieId: BdP17  actor: Windsor Taylor Randolph
movieId: BdP17  actor: Barbara Peckinpah
movieId: BdP17  actor: Linda Shaw
movieId: BdP17  actor: Stevens Brinke
movieId: BdP18  actor: Danny deVito
movieId: BdP18  actor: Joe Picopo
movieId: BdP18  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: BdP18  actor: Ray Sharkey
movieId: BdP18  actor: Ken Wahl
movieId: BdP19  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: BdP19  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: BdP19  actor: Kevin Karson
movieId: BdP19  actor: Kevin Costner
movieId: BdP19  actor: Andy Garcia
movieId: BdP19  actor: Charles Smith
movieId: BdP19  actor: Martin Smith
movieId: BdP21  actor: Michael J. Fox
movieId: BdP21  actor: Sean Penn
movieId: BdP21  actor: Erik King
movieId: BdP21  actor: Don Harvey
movieId: BdP21  actor: Thuy Thu Le
movieId: BdP23  actor: Tom Hanks
movieId: BdP23  actor: Melanie Griffith
movieId: BdP23  actor: Bruce Willis
movieId: BdP23  actor: John Hancock
movieId: BdP23  actor: Alan King
movieId: BdP23  actor: Sal Rubineck
movieId: BdP23  actor: Kevin Dunn
movieId: BdP23  actor: Morgan Freeman
movieId: BdP23  actor: Kim Catrell
movieId: BdP23  actor: Eric Hoffmann
movieId: BdP25  actor: John Lithgow
movieId: BdP25  actor: John Lithgow
movieId: BdP25  actor: John Lithgow
movieId: BdP25  actor: John Lithgow
movieId: BdP25  actor: John Litgow
movieId: BdP25  actor: Lolita Davidovich
movieId: BdP25  actor: Steven Bauer
movieId: BdP25  actor: Gregg Henry
movieId: BdP25  actor: Tom Bower
movieId: BdP25  actor: Barton Heyman
movieId: BdP25  actor: Frances Sternhagen
movieId: BdP25  actor: Mer Harris
movieId: BdP25  actor: Teri Austin
movieId: BdP25  actor: Gabrielle Charteris
movieId: BdP25  actor: s a
movieId: BdP25  actor: s a
movieId: BdP26  actor: Al Pacino
movieId: BdP26  actor: Sean Penn
movieId: BdP26  actor: Penelope Ann Miller
movieId: BdP26  actor: Jon Leguizamo
movieId: BdP26  actor: Luis Guzman
movieId: BdP26  actor: s a
movieId: BdP30  actor: Tom Cruise
movieId: BdP30  actor: Jon Voigt
movieId: BdP30  actor: Henry Czerny
movieId: BdP30  actor: Emmanuelle Beart
movieId: BdP30  actor: Jean Reno
movieId: BdP30  actor: Vanessa Redgrave
movieId: BdP30  actor: Ving Rhames
movieId: BdP30  actor: Kristin ScottThomas
movieId: BdP32  actor: Nicolas Cage
movieId: BdP32  actor: Gary Sinise
movieId: BdP32  actor: Carla Gugino
movieId: BdP32  actor: John Heard
movieId: BDu2  actor: Robin Givens
movieId: BDu2  actor: Forest Whitaker
movieId: BDu2  actor: Gregory Hines
movieId: BDu2  actor: Danny Glover
movieId: BDu2  actor: Zakes Mokae
movieId: BDu2  actor: Badja Djola
movieId: BDu2  actor: Ron Taylor
movieId: BDu2  actor: 'Screaming' Jay Hawkins
movieId: BDu3  actor: Ellen Bursteyn
movieId: BDu3  actor: Olympia Dukakis
movieId: BDu3  actor: Diane Ladd
movieId: BDu3  actor: Lainie Kazan
movieId: BDu3  actor: Danny Aiello
movieId: BDu4  actor: Whoopi Goldberg
movieId: BDu4  actor: Maggie Smith
movieId: BDu4  actor: James Coburn
movieId: BDu4  actor: Michael Jeter
movieId: BDu4  actor: Mary Wickes
movieId: BDu4  actor: Kathy Najimy
movieId: BDu4  actor: Wendy Makkena
movieId: BDu4  actor: Brad Sullivan
movieId: BDu10  actor: Laurence Fishburn
movieId: BDu10  actor: Tim Roth
movieId: BDu10  actor: Andy Garcia
movieId: BDu10  actor: Vanessa Williman
movieId: BDu10  actor: Queen Latifah
movieId: BDu10  actor: Cicely Tyson
movieId: BDu10  actor: Loretta Devine
movieId: BDu10  actor: Chi McBride
movieId: BDu10  actor: Richard Bradford
movieId: BDu10  actor: William Atherton
movieId: BDu10  actor: Tony Rich
movieId: BdY4  actor: Alan Arkin
movieId: BdY4  actor: Delia Bocardo
movieId: BdY4  actor: Frank Finlay
movieId: BdY4  actor: Patrick Cargill
movieId: BdY4  actor: Beryl Reid
movieId: BdY4  actor: Barry Foster
movieId: BdY5  actor: Billie Whitelaw
movieId: BdY6  actor: Ryan ONeal
movieId: BdY6  actor: Jacqueline Bisset
movieId: BdY6  actor: Warren Oates
movieId: BdY6  actor: Jill Clayburgh
movieId: BdY6  actor: Austin Pendleton
movieId: BE4  actor: Debbie Reynolds
movieId: BE4  actor: Curt Jurgens
movieId: BE4  actor: John Saxon
movieId: BE4  actor: Alexis Smith
movieId: BE4  actor: Mary Astor
movieId: BE4  actor: Estelle Winwood
movieId: BE4  actor: Troy Donahue
movieId: BE8  actor: Audrey Hepburn
movieId: BE8  actor: George Peppard
movieId: BE8  actor: Patricia Neal
movieId: BE8  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: BE8  actor: Buddy Ebsen
movieId: BE8  actor: John McGiver
movieId: BE8  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: BE8  actor: Villalongo
movieId: BE8  actor: Beverly Hills
movieId: BE8  actor: Donna Reed
movieId: BE8  actor: s a
movieId: BE9  actor: Glenn Ford
movieId: BE9  actor: Lee Remick
movieId: BE9  actor: s a
movieId: BE9  actor: Ross Martin
movieId: BE10  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: BE10  actor: Lee Remick
movieId: BE10  actor: Charles Bickford
movieId: BE10  actor: Jack Klugman
movieId: BE10  actor: Alan hewitt
movieId: BE10  actor: Debbie Mcgowan
movieId: BE10  actor: Jack Albertson
movieId: BE11  actor: David Niven
movieId: BE11  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: BE11  actor: Capucine
movieId: BE11  actor: Claudia Cardinale
movieId: BE11  actor: Robert Wagner
movieId: BE11  actor: Brenda deBanzie
movieId: BE11  actor: Colin Gordin
movieId: BE12  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: BE12  actor: Elke Sommer
movieId: BE12  actor: George Sanders
movieId: BE16  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: BE16  actor: Claudine Longet
movieId: BE16  actor: Marge Champion
movieId: BE16  actor: Steve Franken
movieId: BE16  actor: Buddy Lester
movieId: BE19  actor: Julie Andrews
movieId: BE19  actor: Omar Sharif
movieId: BE21  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: BE21  actor: Christopher Plummer
movieId: BE21  actor: Catherine Schell
movieId: BE21  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: BE21  actor: Colin Blakely
movieId: BE21  actor: Leonard Rossiter
movieId: BE21  actor: Lesley-Ann Down
movieId: BE21  actor: Burt Kwouk
movieId: BE22  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: BE22  actor: Burt Kwouk
movieId: BE22  actor: Lesley-Ann Down
movieId: BE22  actor: Colin Blakely
movieId: BE22  actor: Dick Crockett
movieId: BE22  actor: Byron Kane
movieId: BE22  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: BE23  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: BE23  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: BE23  actor: Robert Webber
movieId: BE23  actor: Dyan Cannon
movieId: BE24  actor: Bo Derek
movieId: BE24  actor: Dudley Moore
movieId: BE24  actor: Julie Andrews
movieId: BE24  actor: Robert Webber
movieId: BE24  actor: Dee Wallace
movieId: BE24  actor: Sam Jones
movieId: BE25  actor: Julie Andrews
movieId: BE25  actor: William Holden
movieId: BE26  actor: Julie Andrews
movieId: BE26  actor: Robert Preston
movieId: BE26  actor: James Garner
movieId: BE26  actor: Lesley Ann Warren
movieId: BE26  actor: Alex Karras
movieId: BE26  actor: John RhysDavies
movieId: BE26  actor: Graham Stark
movieId: BE26  actor: Peter Arne
movieId: BE26  actor: Sherloque Tanny
movieId: BE26  actor: Michael Robbins
movieId: BE26  actor: David Gant
movieId: BE26  actor: Norman Chancer
movieId: BE26  actor: Maria Charles
movieId: BE26  actor: Malcolm Jamieson
movieId: BE26  actor: John Cassidy
movieId: BE26  actor: Joanna Dickens
movieId: BE26  actor: George Silver
movieId: BE27  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: BE27  actor: Joanna Lumley
movieId: BE27  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: BE27  actor: David Niven
movieId: BE27  actor: Richard Mulligan
movieId: BE27  actor: Capucine
movieId: BE27  actor: Robert Loggia
movieId: BE27  actor: Harvey Korman
movieId: BE27  actor: Burt Kwouk
movieId: BE27  actor: Graham Stark
movieId: BE27  actor: Leonard Rossiter
movieId: BE27  actor: Peter Arne
movieId: BE27  actor: Ronald Fraser
movieId: BE28  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: BE28  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: BE28  actor: Ted Wass
movieId: BE28  actor: David Niven
movieId: BE28  actor: Capucine
movieId: BE28  actor: Robert Wagner
movieId: BE28  actor: Leslie Ash
movieId: BE28  actor: Harvey Korman
movieId: BE28  actor: Joanna Lumley
movieId: BE29  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: BE29  actor: Julie Andrews
movieId: BE29  actor: Kim Basinger
movieId: BE29  actor: Marilu Henner
movieId: BE29  actor: Cynthia Sikes
movieId: BE29  actor: Jennifer Edwards
movieId: BE36  actor: John Ritter
movieId: BE36  actor: Vincent Gardenia
movieId: BE36  actor: Alyson Reed
movieId: BE36  actor: Joel Brooks
movieId: BE36  actor: Julianne Phillips
movieId: BE36  actor: Diana Barton
movieId: BE36  actor: Chelsea Field
movieId: BE36  actor: Peter Donat
movieId: BE36  actor: Don Gordon
movieId: BE36  actor: Nina Foch
movieId: BE36  actor: Michael Kidd
movieId: BE36  actor: Ded Dee Rescher
movieId: BE36  actor: Denise Crossby
movieId: BE36  actor: Judy Toll
movieId: BE36  actor: Brenda Swanon
movieId: BE36  actor: Bryan Genesee
movieId: BE36  actor: Bo Foxworth
movieId: BE36  actor: Raye Hollitt
movieId: BE36  actor: Jean-Marie McKerr
movieId: BE38  actor: Ellen Barkin
movieId: BE38  actor: Jimmy Smits
movieId: BE38  actor: Tony Roberts
movieId: BE38  actor: JoBeth Williams
movieId: BE38  actor: Lorraine Bracco
movieId: BE39  actor: Matt Freeman
movieId: BE39  actor: Roberto Benigngi
movieId: BE39  actor: Bret Estes Ellis
movieId: BE39  actor: Robert Downey~jr
movieId: BEE10  actor: Molly Ringwald
movieId: BeG10  actor: Diana Ross
movieId: BeG10  actor: Billy Dee Williams
movieId: BeG10  actor: Jean Pierre Aumont
movieId: BeH1  actor: Noel Coward
movieId: BeH1  actor: Alexander Wolcott
movieId: BeH1  actor: Julie Haydon
movieId: BeH1  actor: Stanley Ridges
movieId: BeH1  actor: Helen Hayes
movieId: BeH1  actor: Edna Ferber
movieId: BeH2  actor: John Qualen
movieId: BeH2  actor: Thomas Mitchell
movieId: BeH2  actor: Rita Hayworth
movieId: BeH2  actor: Douglas Fairbanks~jr
movieId: BeM10  actor: Kevin Conroy
movieId: BeM10  actor: Mark Hamill
movieId: BeM10  actor: Dana Delany
movieId: BeM10  actor: Hart Bochner
movieId: BeM10  actor: Abe Vogoda
movieId: BeR10  actor: Virginia Madsen
movieId: BeR10  actor: Tony Todd
movieId: BeR10  actor: Kasi Lemmons
movieId: BeR12  actor: Gary Oldman
movieId: BeR12  actor: Jeroen Krabbe
movieId: BeR12  actor: Valeria Golino
movieId: BeR12  actor: Isabella Rosselini
movieId: BeR12  actor: Johanne Ter Steege
movieId: BeR12  actor: s a
movieId: BeR12  actor: s a
movieId: BeR12  actor: Mary Margolis
movieId: BeR12  actor: Barry Tavenier
movieId: BeR12  actor: s a
movieId: BeR12  actor: s a
movieId: BeR12  actor: Marius Hofschneifer
movieId: BeR12  actor: Maria Eden Rose
movieId: BeR16  actor: Sophie Marceau
movieId: BeW4  actor: Volker Bohnet
movieId: BeW4  actor: Fritz Wepper
movieId: BeW4  actor: Michael Hinz
movieId: BeW4  actor: Frank Glaubrecht
movieId: BeW4  actor: Cordula Trantow
movieId: BeW10  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: BeW10  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: BeW10  actor: Paolo Stoppa
movieId: BeW10  actor: HansChristian Blech
movieId: BeW10  actor: Valentina Cortesa
movieId: BeW10  actor: Eduardo Cianelli
movieId: BeW12  actor: Yul Brynner
movieId: BeW12  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: BeW12  actor: Trevor Howard
movieId: BeW12  actor: Janet Margolin
movieId: BeW12  actor: Martin Benrath
movieId: BeW12  actor: Max Haufler
movieId: BeW12  actor: Trevor Howard
movieId: BeW12  actor: Hans Christian Blech
movieId: BF5  actor: Shirley MacLaine
movieId: BF5  actor: Ricardo Montalban
movieId: BF5  actor: John McMartin
movieId: BF5  actor: Chita Rivera
movieId: BF5  actor: Paula Kelly
movieId: BF5  actor: Stubby Kaye
movieId: BF5  actor: Sammy Davis~jr.
movieId: BF5  actor: Barbara Bouchet.
movieId: BF5  actor: Stubby Kaye
movieId: BF5  actor: John McMartin
movieId: BF6  actor: Liza Minnelli
movieId: BF6  actor: Michael York
movieId: BF6  actor: Helmut Griem
movieId: BF6  actor: Joel Grey
movieId: BF6  actor: Fritz Wepper
movieId: BF6  actor: Marisa Berenson
movieId: BF6  actor: Elisabeth NeumannViertel
movieId: BF6  actor: Helen Vita
movieId: BF6  actor: Sigrid vonRichthoven
movieId: BF6  actor: Rolf Walter
movieId: BF6  actor: Gerd Vespermann
movieId: BF6  actor: Georg Hartmann
movieId: BF6  actor: Estrongo Nachams
movieId: BF6  actor: Louise Quick
movieId: BF6  actor: Bert Convy
movieId: BF7  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: BF7  actor: Valerie Perrine
movieId: BF7  actor: Gary Morton
movieId: BF7  actor: Jan Miner
movieId: BF7  actor: Stanley Beck
movieId: BF8  actor: Roy Scheider
movieId: BF8  actor: Jessica Lange
movieId: BF8  actor: Ann Reinking
movieId: BF8  actor: Leland Palmer
movieId: BF8  actor: Ben Vereen
movieId: BF8  actor: Cliff Gorman
movieId: BF9  actor: Mariel Hemingway
movieId: BF9  actor: Eric Roberts
movieId: BF9  actor: Cliff Robertson
movieId: BF9  actor: Carroll Baker
movieId: BF9  actor: Roger Rees
movieId: BF9  actor: David Clennon
movieId: BFo1  actor: Alan Bates
movieId: BFo1  actor: Bernard Lee
movieId: BFo1  actor: Norman Bird
movieId: BFo1  actor: Hayley Mills
movieId: BFo1  actor: Elsie Wagstaff
movieId: BFo1  actor: Alan Barnes
movieId: BFo3  actor: Kim Stanley
movieId: BFo3  actor: Richard Attenborough
movieId: BFo4  actor: Tom Courtenay
movieId: BFo4  actor: James Fox
movieId: BFo4  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: BFo4  actor: Todd Armstrong
movieId: BFo4  actor: Patrick ONeal
movieId: BFo4  actor: James Donald
movieId: BFo4  actor: John Mills
movieId: BFo4  actor: George Segal
movieId: BFo12  actor: Katharine Ross
movieId: BFo12  actor: Katharine Ross
movieId: BFo12  actor: Paula Prentiss
movieId: BFo12  actor: Nanette Newman
movieId: BFo12  actor: Peter Masterson
movieId: BFo12  actor: Mary Stuart Masterson
movieId: BFo12  actor: Patrick ONeal
movieId: BFo12  actor: Tina Louise
movieId: BFo12  actor: William Prince
movieId: BFo13  actor: Richard Chamberlain
movieId: BFo13  actor: Gemma Craven
movieId: BFo13  actor: Kenneth Moore
movieId: BFo13  actor: Michael Hodern
movieId: BFo13  actor: Edith Evans
movieId: BFo13  actor: Annette Crosbie
movieId: BFo13  actor: Margaret Lockwood
movieId: BFo13  actor: Christopher Gable
movieId: BFo13  actor: Julian Orchard
movieId: BFo13  actor: Lally Bowers
movieId: BFo13  actor: John Turner
movieId: BFo14  actor: Tatum ONeal
movieId: BFo14  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: BFr10  actor: Julianne Moore
movieId: BFr10  actor: Roy Scheider
movieId: BFr10  actor: Blythe Danner
movieId: BFr10  actor: Michael Vartan
movieId: BFr10  actor: Noah Wyle
movieId: BFr10  actor: Laurel Holloman
movieId: BGH9  actor: Richard Burton
movieId: BGH9  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: BGH9  actor: Mary Ure
movieId: BGH9  actor: Patrick Widmark
movieId: BGH9  actor: Michael Hodern
movieId: BGH9  actor: Donald Houston
movieId: BGH9  actor: Peter Barkworth
movieId: BGH9  actor: Robert Beatty
movieId: BGH9  actor: s a
movieId: BGH10  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: BGH10  actor: Telly Savalas
movieId: BGH10  actor: sa
movieId: BGH10  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: BGH10  actor: Don Rickles
movieId: BGH10  actor: Carroll OConnor
movieId: BGH20  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: BGH20  actor: Faye Dunaway
movieId: BGH20  actor: David Dukes
movieId: BGH20  actor: Brenda Vaccaro
movieId: BGH20  actor: Martin Gabel
movieId: BGH20  actor: James Whitmore
movieId: BGH26  actor: Tom Selleck
movieId: BGH26  actor: Bess Armstrong
movieId: BGH26  actor: Jack Weston
movieId: BGH26  actor: Robert Morley
movieId: BGH26  actor: Brian Blessed
movieId: BGi10  actor: Henry Jones
movieId: BGi10  actor: Ruth Storey
movieId: BGi11  actor: Frankie Darro
movieId: BGi11  actor: Robert Keith
movieId: BGi11  actor: Karl Lukas
movieId: BGi11  actor: Syl Lamont
movieId: BGi11  actor: And Romano
movieId: BGi11  actor: Charles E. Perry
movieId: BGi11  actor: Chuck Hicks
movieId: BGi11  actor: Bruce Dushman
movieId: BGi13  actor: Emile Genest
movieId: BGi13  actor: John Ireland
movieId: BGi13  actor: Ernest Truex
movieId: BGi13  actor: Sharan Farrell
movieId: BGi13  actor: Michael King
movieId: BGi13  actor: Charlotte Knight
movieId: BGi14  actor: Gig Young
movieId: BGi14  actor: s a
movieId: BGi14  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: BGi15  actor: Hugh OBrien
movieId: BGi15  actor: Gena Rowlands
movieId: BGi16  actor: Tony Randall
movieId: BGi16  actor: s a
movieId: BGi16  actor: Jayne Mansfield
movieId: BGi17  actor: Larry Storch
movieId: BGi17  actor: Linda Christian
movieId: BGi17  actor: Henry Silva
movieId: BGi18  actor: John gavin
movieId: BGi18  actor: Diana Dors
movieId: BGi18  actor: s a
movieId: BGi19  actor: Richard Kiley
movieId: BGi19  actor: Ricard long
movieId: BGi19  actor: Anne Francis
movieId: BGi20  actor: Chris Robinson
movieId: BGi20  actor: James Gregory
movieId: BGi20  actor: Norman Fell
movieId: BGi21  actor: John Cassavetes
movieId: BGi21  actor: Ann Sothern
movieId: BGr10  actor: Cicely Tyson
movieId: BGr10  actor: Shirley Jo Finney
movieId: BGr10  actor: Joe Seneca
movieId: BGr10  actor: Jason Bernhard
movieId: BGu10  actor: Duane Jones
movieId: BGu10  actor: Marlene Clark
movieId: BGu10  actor: Bill Gunn
movieId: BGu10  actor: Sam Waymon
movieId: BGt10  actor: Willem Dafoe
movieId: BGt10  actor: Miranda Richardson
movieId: BGt10  actor: s a
movieId: BGt10  actor: Rosemary Harris
movieId: BGt13  actor: Stephen Fry
movieId: BGt13  actor: Vanessa Redgrave
movieId: BGt13  actor: Jude Law
movieId: BGt13  actor: Jennifer Ehle
movieId: BGt13  actor: Tom Wilkinson
movieId: BHd10  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: BHl10  actor: Leon Ames
movieId: BHl10  actor: Dave OBrien
movieId: BHl10  actor: Joyce Bryant
movieId: BHl10  actor: Hal E. Chester
movieId: BHo10  actor: Bob Hoskins
movieId: BHo10  actor: Dexter Fletcher
movieId: BHo10  actor: Zoe Nathanson
movieId: BHo10  actor: Iam McNiece
movieId: BHt10  actor: John Duchovny
movieId: BHt10  actor: Joely Richardson
movieId: BHt10  actor: Minnie Driver
movieId: BHu10  actor: Sandra Bullock
movieId: BHu10  actor: Ben Affleck
movieId: BHu10  actor: Maura Tierney
movieId: BHu10  actor: Steve Zahn
movieId: BHu10  actor: Blythe Danner
movieId: BHu10  actor: Ronny Cox
movieId: BHu10  actor: Dave Strickland
movieId: BHu10  actor: Meredith Scott Lynn
movieId: BiA1  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: BiA1  actor: Pelle Hvenegaard
movieId: BiA5  actor: Samuel Froler
movieId: BiA5  actor: Pernilla Ostergren
movieId: BiA5  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: BiA7  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: BiA7  actor: Glenn Close
movieId: BiA7  actor: Vanessa Redgrave
movieId: BiA7  actor: Jeremy Irons
movieId: BiA7  actor: Winona Ryder
movieId: BiA7  actor: Antonio Banderas
movieId: BiA7  actor: Vincent Gallo
movieId: BiA7  actor: Armin MuellerStahl
movieId: BiA8  actor: Julia Ormond
movieId: BiA8  actor: Gabriel Byrne
movieId: BiA8  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: BiA8  actor: Vanessa Redgrave
movieId: BiA8  actor: Robert Loggia
movieId: BiA9  actor: Ulf Friberg
movieId: BiA9  actor: Marie Bonnevie
movieId: BiA9  actor: Pernilla Ostergren
movieId: BiA9  actor: Johan Rabaeus
movieId: BiA9  actor: Reine Brynolfsson
movieId: BiA9  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: BiA9  actor: Sven-Bertil Taube
movieId: BiA9  actor: Bjorn Granath
movieId: BiA9  actor: Lena Endre
movieId: BiA10  actor: Liam Neeson
movieId: BiA10  actor: Geoffrey Rush
movieId: BiA10  actor: Uma Thurman
movieId: BiA10  actor: Claire Danes
movieId: BiF10  actor: Gordon John Sinclair
movieId: BiF10  actor: Dee Hepburn
movieId: BiF10  actor: Jake dArcy
movieId: BiF10  actor: Claire Grogan
movieId: BiF13  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: BiF13  actor: Peter Riegert
movieId: BiF13  actor: Dennis Lawson
movieId: BiF13  actor: Peter Capaldi
movieId: BiF13  actor: Fulton Mackay
movieId: BiF13  actor: Jenny Seagrove
movieId: BiF20  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: BiF20  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: BiF20  actor: John Turtorro
movieId: BiF20  actor: Anna Galiena
movieId: BiF20  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: BiF20  actor: Theresa Russell
movieId: BiF20  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: BIG10  actor: Vince Edwards
movieId: BIG10  actor: Chuck Connors
movieId: BIG10  actor: Neville Brand
movieId: BiK10  actor: Lurene Tuttle
movieId: BiK10  actor: Tris Coffin
movieId: BiK10  actor: Paul Dubov
movieId: BiK10  actor: Myrna Dell
movieId: BiK10  actor: Nelson Leigh
movieId: BiK10  actor: Vic Lundin
movieId: BiK10  actor: Don Grady
movieId: BiP10  actor: Martin Mull
movieId: BiP10  actor: Tuesday Weld
movieId: BiP10  actor: Bill Macy
movieId: BiP10  actor: Tom Smothers
movieId: BiP10  actor: Sally Kellerman
movieId: BiP10  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: BJR10  actor: Michael Keaton
movieId: BJR10  actor: Nicole Kidman
movieId: BJR10  actor: Haing S. Ngor
movieId: BJR10  actor: Michael Constantine
movieId: BJR10  actor: Vasek Simek
movieId: BJq5  actor: Judith Godreche
movieId: BJq5  actor: s a
movieId: BJq5  actor: s a
movieId: BJq5  actor: s a
movieId: BJq15  actor: Isabelle Huppert
movieId: BJq15  actor: Vincent Martinez
movieId: BKi10  actor: Imelda Staubton
movieId: BKi10  actor: Saskia Reeves
movieId: BKi10  actor: Richard Hope
movieId: BKi10  actor: Howard Nash
movieId: BKi10  actor: Alfred Marks
movieId: BKi10  actor: Ian Redford
movieId: BKi10  actor: Brenda Bruce
movieId: BKi12  actor: Shirley MacLaine
movieId: BKi12  actor: Kathy Bates
movieId: BKi12  actor: Jessica Tandy
movieId: BKi12  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: BKi12  actor: Marcia Gay Harden
movieId: BKi12  actor: Sylvia Sidney
movieId: BKi12  actor: Joe Pantoliano
movieId: BKi19  actor: Simpson Perez
movieId: BKo10  actor: Maximilian Schell
movieId: BKo10  actor: Diane Baker
movieId: BKo10  actor: Brian Keith
movieId: BKo10  actor: Roassoano Brazzi
movieId: BKo10  actor: Barbara Werle
movieId: BKo10  actor: John Leyton
movieId: BKo10  actor: Sal Mineo
movieId: BKo10  actor: J.D. Cannon
movieId: BKo10  actor: Marc Lawrence
movieId: BKp10  actor: Antonio Banderas
movieId: BLe1  actor: Steve Guttenberg
movieId: BLe1  actor: Daniel Stern
movieId: BLe1  actor: Mickey Rourke
movieId: BLe1  actor: Kathryn Dowling
movieId: BLe1  actor: Ellen Barkin
movieId: BLe1  actor: Paul Reiser
movieId: BLe4  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: BLe4  actor: Glenn Close
movieId: BLe4  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: BLe4  actor: Kim Basinger
movieId: BLe4  actor: Wilford Brimley
movieId: BLe4  actor: Barbara Hershey
movieId: BLe4  actor: Robert Prosky
movieId: BLe4  actor: Richard Farnsworth
movieId: BLe5  actor: Danny deVito
movieId: BLe5  actor: Barbara Hershey
movieId: BLe5  actor: Richard Dreyfuss
movieId: BLe5  actor: John Mahoney
movieId: BLe5  actor: Jackie Gayle
movieId: BLe5  actor: Stanley Brock
movieId: BLe5  actor: Seymour Cassel
movieId: BLe5  actor: Bruno Kirby
movieId: BLe6  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: BLe6  actor: Tom Cruise
movieId: BLe6  actor: Valerie Golino
movieId: BLe8  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: BLe10  actor: Joan Plowright
movieId: BLe10  actor: Armin MuellerStahl
movieId: BLe10  actor: Aidan Quinn
movieId: BLe10  actor: Elizabeth Perkins
movieId: BLe10  actor: Kevin Pollack
movieId: BLe10  actor: Lou Jacobi
movieId: BLe10  actor: Elijah Wood
movieId: BLe10  actor: Eve Gordon
movieId: BLe11  actor: Warren Beatty
movieId: BLe11  actor: Annette Bening
movieId: BLe11  actor: s a
movieId: BLe11  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: BLe11  actor: Ben Kingsley
movieId: BLe11  actor: Joe Mantegna
movieId: BLe11  actor: Billy Graham
movieId: BLe11  actor: Elliott Gould
movieId: BLe12  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: BLe12  actor: Michael Gambon
movieId: BLe12  actor: Donald OConnor
movieId: BLe12  actor: Joan Cusack
movieId: BLe12  actor: Robin Wright
movieId: BLe12  actor: LL Cool J
movieId: BLe15  actor: Joe Pesci
movieId: BLe15  actor: Christian Slater
movieId: BLe15  actor: Victoria Abril
movieId: BLe17  actor: Michael Douglas
movieId: BLe17  actor: Demi Moore
movieId: BLe17  actor: Catherine Alvarez
movieId: BLe17  actor: s a
movieId: BLe17  actor: Dennis Miller
movieId: BLe17  actor: Nick Sadler
movieId: Ble19  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: Ble19  actor: Brad Pitt
movieId: Ble19  actor: Brd Renfrew
movieId: Ble19  actor: Kevin Bacon
movieId: Ble19  actor: Minnie Driver
movieId: Ble19  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: Ble19  actor: Ron Eldard
movieId: Ble19  actor: Joe Perrino
movieId: Ble19  actor: Billy Crudup
movieId: Ble19  actor: Bruno Kirby
movieId: Ble19  actor: Jason Patric
movieId: Ble19  actor: Aida Turturro
movieId: Ble19  actor: Vittorio Gassamn
movieId: BLe21  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: BLe21  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: BLe21  actor: Anne Heche
movieId: BLe21  actor: s a
movieId: BLe21  actor: Rene Leahy
movieId: BLe21  actor: s a
movieId: BLe21  actor: Woody Harrelson
movieId: BLe21  actor: Jay Leno
movieId: BLe22  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: BLe22  actor: Sharon Stone
movieId: BLe22  actor: Samuel L. Jackson
movieId: BLe22  actor: Peter Coyote
movieId: BLe22  actor: Liev Schreiber
movieId: BLe23  actor: Joe Mantegna
movieId: BLe23  actor: Bebe Neuwirth
movieId: BLe23  actor: Ben Foster
movieId: BLe23  actor: Rebekah Johnson
movieId: BLe23  actor: s a
movieId: BLe23  actor: Adrien Brody
movieId: BLe23  actor: Carolyn Murphy
movieId: BLe23  actor: David Krumholtz
movieId: BLu10  actor: Jordi Molla
movieId: BLu10  actor: Penelope Cruz
movieId: BLu10  actor: Stefania Sandrelli
movieId: BLu10  actor: Javier Bardem
movieId: BLu12  actor: Elisa Touati
movieId: BLu12  actor: Javier Bardem
movieId: BLu12  actor: Marbel Verdu
movieId: BLu12  actor: Maria deMederios
movieId: BLv10  actor: s a
movieId: BLv10  actor: Dean Jones
movieId: BLv10  actor: Charles Grodin
movieId: BLv10  actor: David Duchovny
movieId: BLv12  actor: Charles Grodin
movieId: BLv15  actor: John Goodman
movieId: BLv15  actor: Elizabeth Perkins
movieId: BLv15  actor: Rick Moranis
movieId: BLv15  actor: Rosie ODonnell
movieId: BLv15  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: BLv15  actor: Harvey Korman
movieId: BLv15  actor: Kyle McLachlan
movieId: BLv15  actor: Halle Berry
movieId: BLv15  actor: Jonathan Winters
movieId: BLv15  actor: Harvey Korman
movieId: BLw10  actor: Bob Hoskins
movieId: BLw10  actor: Jeff Goldblum
movieId: BLw10  actor: Michel Blanc
movieId: BLw10  actor: Natasha Richardson
movieId: BLw10  actor: JeanPierre Cassel
movieId: BMa10  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: BMa10  actor: Lindsay Wagner
movieId: BMa10  actor: Rutger Hauer
movieId: BMa10  actor: Billy Dee Williams
movieId: BMa10  actor: Persis Khambatta
movieId: BMa10  actor: Nigel Davenport
movieId: BmF10  actor: Dick Cavett
movieId: BmF10  actor: Henny Youngman
movieId: BmF10  actor: Frank Zappa
movieId: BmF10  actor: Melissa Gilbert
movieId: BmF10  actor: Mort Zuckerman
movieId: BmF10  actor: Susan Ruttan
movieId: BMo10  actor: Ben Model
movieId: BMo10  actor: Luis Caballero
movieId: Bmy14  actor: Christopher Reeve
movieId: Bmy14  actor: Weston McMillan
movieId: Bmy14  actor: Francis Guinan
movieId: Bmy14  actor: Roxann Dawson
movieId: Bmy14  actor: George Touliatos
movieId: Bmy14  actor: Movor Moore
movieId: Bmy14  actor: Philip R. allen
movieId: BnG1  actor: Oliva NewtonJohn
movieId: BnG1  actor: John Farrar
movieId: BnG12  actor: Patricia Healey
movieId: BnG12  actor: Steven Bauer
movieId: BnG12  actor: Edward Herrmann
movieId: BnG13  actor: Virginia Madsen
movieId: BnG13  actor: Kate Hodge
movieId: BnG13  actor: Erich Anderson
movieId: BnG13  actor: Jim Metzler
movieId: BnG13  actor: Lenny VonDohlen
movieId: BnM10  actor: C.Thomas Howell
movieId: BnM10  actor: Wallace Shawn
movieId: BnM10  actor: Lise Cutter
movieId: BnM10  actor: Lynn Danielson
movieId: BnM10  actor: Rock Brocksmith
movieId: BnM10  actor: Alan Rich
movieId: BnM10  actor: Mark Ralston
movieId: BnM10  actor: Eric Christen
movieId: BnM10  actor: Kathleen Freeman
movieId: BnM10  actor: s a
movieId: BnM10  actor: C.C. Leichter
movieId: BnM10  actor: Ed Williams
movieId: BnjR10  actor: Hugh OConnor
movieId: BnS10  actor: Winona Ryder
movieId: BnS10  actor: E-than Hawke
movieId: BnS10  actor: Jeneane Garofalo
movieId: BnS10  actor: Steve Zahn
movieId: BnS10  actor: Ben Stiller
movieId: BnS10  actor: John Mahoney
movieId: BnS15  actor: Jim Carrey
movieId: BnS15  actor: Matthew Broderick
movieId: BnS15  actor: Leslie Mann
movieId: BnS15  actor: George Segal
movieId: BnS15  actor: Janeane Garofalo
movieId: BNu1  actor: Isabelle Adjani
movieId: BNu1  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: BNu1  actor: Alain Cuny
movieId: BNu1  actor: Madelaine Robinson
movieId: BNu1  actor: Laurent Grevill
movieId: BNu1  actor: Katrine Boorman
movieId: BNu1  actor: Phillippe Clevenot
movieId: BNu1  actor: Maxime Leroux
movieId: BNu1  actor: Roger Planchon
movieId: BoB1  actor: Randy Quaid
movieId: BoB1  actor: Mary Beth Hurt
movieId: BoB1  actor: Bryan Madorsky
movieId: BoB1  actor: Sandy Dennis
movieId: BoB1  actor: Juno MillsCockell
movieId: BoB4  actor: Armin MuellerStahl
movieId: BoB4  actor: Oliva dAbo
movieId: BoB4  actor: Lionel Stander
movieId: BoB4  actor: Adrian Pasdar
movieId: BoB4  actor: Maureen Stapleton
movieId: BoL10  actor: Corey Feldman
movieId: BoL10  actor: Jack Nance
movieId: BoL10  actor: Bojesse Christopher
movieId: BoL10  actor: Christy Thom
movieId: BoL10  actor: Sarah Douglas
movieId: BoL10  actor: Donald B. Borders
movieId: BoS50  actor: Norman Lloyd
movieId: BoS50  actor: Venue deMars
movieId: BoS50  actor: Nita Talbot
movieId: BoS50  actor: Ed Hashim
movieId: BoS61  actor: Brian Keith
movieId: BoS61  actor: Rod Laurem
movieId: BoS61  actor: Eduardo Cianelli
movieId: BoS62  actor: Evans Evans
movieId: BoS62  actor: Philip Reed
movieId: BoS62  actor: Tom Gilleran
movieId: BoS62  actor: Raphael Campos
movieId: BoS70  actor: Robert Vaughn
movieId: BoS70  actor: David McCallum
movieId: BoS70  actor: Leo G. McCarroll
movieId: BoS75  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: BoS75  actor: Anthony Zerbe
movieId: BoS75  actor: Rosalind Cash
movieId: BoS80  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: BoS80  actor: Susan Blakely
movieId: BoS80  actor: Peter Strauss
movieId: BoW4  actor: Thommy Berggren
movieId: BoW4  actor: Pia Degermark
movieId: BoW4  actor: Eva Henning
movieId: BoW6  actor: Thommy Bergren
movieId: BoW6  actor: Anja Schmidt
movieId: BoW20  actor: CarlGustav Lindstedt
movieId: BPi10  actor: Brian Dennehy
movieId: BPi10  actor: Patricia Richardson
movieId: BPi10  actor: Alan Rosenberg
movieId: BPi10  actor: Jean Smart
movieId: BPi10  actor: Richard Masur
movieId: BPi10  actor: Joe Grifasi
movieId: BPi10  actor: Rosemary Dunsmore
movieId: BPi10  actor: Allison Mackie
movieId: BPi10  actor: Doren Fein
movieId: BPi10  actor: Eric Michael Cole
movieId: BPr10  actor: Sophie Marceau
movieId: BPr10  actor: Sean Bean
movieId: BPr10  actor: Alfred Molina
movieId: BRa10  actor: Chris Tucker
movieId: BRa10  actor: Charlie Shenn
movieId: BRa10  actor: Heather Locklear
movieId: BRa10  actor: Gerard Ismael
movieId: BRa10  actor: Paul Sorvino
movieId: BRa10  actor: Vic Damone
movieId: BRa10  actor: Diahann Carroll
movieId: BRa12  actor: Jackie Chan
movieId: BRa12  actor: Chris Tucker
movieId: BRa12  actor: Tom Wilkinson
movieId: BRa12  actor: Chris Penn
movieId: BRB3  actor: Ray Barrett
movieId: BRB3  actor: Clare Binney
movieId: BRB3  actor: Pat Bishop
movieId: BRB3  actor: Graeme Blundell
movieId: BRB3  actor: John Hargreaves
movieId: BrB5  actor: Edward Woodward
movieId: BrB5  actor: Jack Thompson
movieId: BrB5  actor: John Waters
movieId: BrB5  actor: Charles Tingwell
movieId: BrB5  actor: Bryan Brown
movieId: BRB7  actor: Susannah Fowle
movieId: BRB7  actor: Laura Rambotham
movieId: BrB10  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: BrB10  actor: Tess Harper
movieId: BrB10  actor: Betty Buckley
movieId: BrB10  actor: Wilford Brimley
movieId: BrB10  actor: Ellen Barkin
movieId: BrB10  actor: Allan Hubbard
movieId: BrB10  actor: Lenny VonDohlen
movieId: BrB10  actor: Paul Gleason
movieId: BrB15  actor: Barry Humphries
movieId: BrB15  actor: Donald Pleasance
movieId: BrB15  actor: Barry Crocker
movieId: BrB20  actor: Jessica Tandy
movieId: BrB20  actor: Morgan Freeman
movieId: BrB20  actor: Dan Ackroyd
movieId: BrB20  actor: Patty Luponi
movieId: BrB21  actor: Maynard Eziashi
movieId: BrB21  actor: Pierce Brosnan
movieId: BrB21  actor: Edward Woodward
movieId: BrB21  actor: Femi Fatoba
movieId: BrB21  actor: Beartie Edney
movieId: BrB22  actor: Lothaire Bluteau
movieId: BrB22  actor: August Schellenberg
movieId: BrB22  actor: Sandrine Holt
movieId: BrB22  actor: Aden Young
movieId: BrB22  actor: Tantoo Cardinal
movieId: BrB25  actor: Richard Dreyfus
movieId: BrB25  actor: s a
movieId: BrB27  actor: Sharon Stone
movieId: BrB30  actor: Ashley Judd
movieId: BrB30  actor: Tommy Lee Jones
movieId: BrB30  actor: Bruce Geenwood
movieId: BrB30  actor: Benjamin Weir
movieId: BrD10  actor: David Douche
movieId: BrD10  actor: s a
movieId: BrD10  actor: s a
movieId: BrD11  actor: Emmanuel Schotte
movieId: BrD11  actor: Severine
movieId: BRf1  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: BRf1  actor: Karen Black
movieId: BRf1  actor: Karen Anspach
movieId: BRf1  actor: Lorna Thayer
movieId: BRf1  actor: Billy `Green' Bush
movieId: BRf1  actor: Lois Smith
movieId: BRf1  actor: Fannie Flagg
movieId: BRf1  actor: Richard Stahl
movieId: BRf1  actor: William Challee
movieId: BRf1  actor: Ralph Waite
movieId: BRf1  actor: Helen Kallianoites
movieId: BRf1  actor: Sally Ann Struthers
movieId: BRf1  actor: Marlena McGuire
movieId: BRf2  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: BRf2  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: BRf2  actor: Scatman Crother
movieId: BRf2  actor: Ellen Bursteyn
movieId: BRf2  actor: Julia Anne Robinson
movieId: BRf2  actor: Charles Lavine
movieId: BRf2  actor: Gary Goodrow
movieId: BRf2  actor: Sully Bovar
movieId: BRf2  actor: Josh Mostel
movieId: BRf4  actor: Jeff Bridges
movieId: BRf4  actor: Sally Field
movieId: BRf4  actor: Arnold Schwarzenegger
movieId: BRf4  actor: R.G. Armstrong
movieId: BRf4  actor: Robert Englund
movieId: BRf4  actor: Helen Kallianiotes
movieId: BRf4  actor: Roger E. Mosley
movieId: BRf4  actor: Woodrow Parfrey
movieId: BRf4  actor: Scatman Crothers
movieId: BRf4  actor: Kathleen Miller
movieId: BRf4  actor: JoAnna Cassidy
movieId: BRf4  actor: Ed Begley~jr.
movieId: BRf4  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: BRf20  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: BRf20  actor: Jessica Lange
movieId: BRf20  actor: John Colicos
movieId: BRf20  actor: Michael Lerner
movieId: BRf20  actor: John P. Ryan
movieId: BRf20  actor: Anjelica Huston
movieId: BRf30  actor: Patrick Bergin
movieId: BRf30  actor: Iain Glen
movieId: BRf30  actor: Fiona Shaw
movieId: BRf30  actor: Bernard Hill
movieId: BRf30  actor: Richard Grant
movieId: BRf30  actor: Paul Onsongo
movieId: BRf32  actor: Ellen Barkin
movieId: BRf32  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: BRf32  actor: Helen Stanton
movieId: BRf32  actor: Beverly DAngelo
movieId: BRf34  actor: Arliss Howard
movieId: BRf34  actor: Cynda Williams
movieId: BRf34  actor: Kathleen Wilhoite
movieId: BRf38  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: BRf38  actor: Judy Davis
movieId: BRf38  actor: Stephen Dorff
movieId: BRf38  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: BRf38  actor: Jennifer Lopez
movieId: BRf39  actor: James Caan
movieId: BRf39  actor: Dina Meyer
movieId: BrG10  actor: Craig T. Nelson
movieId: BrG10  actor: JoBeth Williams
movieId: BrG10  actor: Heather ORourke
movieId: BrG10  actor: Julian Beck
movieId: BrG10  actor: Oliver Robbins
movieId: BrG20  actor: Lynn Whitfield
movieId: BrG25  actor: Angela Bassett
movieId: BrG25  actor: Laurence Fishburne
movieId: BrG25  actor: Jenifer Lewis
movieId: BrG25  actor: Phyllis Yvonne Stickney
movieId: BrG25  actor: Vanessa Bell Calloway
movieId: BrG25  actor: Pam Tyson
movieId: BrG28  actor: Demi Moore
movieId: BrG28  actor: Alec Baldwin
movieId: BrG28  actor: Tony LoBianco
movieId: BrG28  actor: Joseph GordonLevitt
movieId: BrG28  actor: James Gudolfini
movieId: BrG28  actor: Lindsay Crouse
movieId: BrG28  actor: x Constantine
movieId: BrG28  actor: Gordon
movieId: BrG28  actor: Anne Hecht
movieId: BrG28  actor: s a
movieId: BrG28  actor: s a
movieId: BrG28  actor: s a
movieId: BrG28  actor: s a
movieId: BrL15  actor: Jeff Goldblum
movieId: BrL15  actor: Jeremy Sisto
movieId: BrL15  actor: Christine Lehto
movieId: BrL15  actor: Alicia Silverstone
movieId: BrL15  actor: Alfred Molins
movieId: BRo10  actor: Andy Garcia
movieId: BRo10  actor: Lance Henriksen
movieId: BRo10  actor: Uma Thurman
movieId: BRo10  actor: John Malkovich
movieId: BrP10  actor: Tim Matheson
movieId: BrP10  actor: Kate Capshaw
movieId: BrP10  actor: Edward Herrmann
movieId: BrP10  actor: John Glover
movieId: BrP15  actor: Gwyneth Paltrow
movieId: BrR1  actor: Marianne Basler
movieId: BrR1  actor: Nicole Garcia
movieId: BrR1  actor: Brigitte Rouan
movieId: BrR1  actor: Philippe Galland
movieId: BrR1  actor: Yann Dedet
movieId: BrR1  actor: s a
movieId: BrR1  actor: s a
movieId: BrR5  actor: Brigitte Rouan
movieId: BrR5  actor: s a
movieId: BrR5  actor: s a
movieId: BrS10  actor: Robert Vaughn
movieId: zSh10  actor: David McCallum
movieId: zSh10  actor: Leo G. McCarroll
movieId: BrS10  actor: Robert Vaughn
movieId: BrS10  actor: David McCallum
movieId: BrS10  actor: Leo G. McCarroll
movieId: BrW5  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: BrW5  actor: Robert Montgomery
movieId: BrW5  actor: Fay Bainter
movieId: BrW5  actor: Betty Lynn
movieId: BrW5  actor: Jerome Cowan
movieId: BrW5  actor: Barbara Bates
movieId: BrW5  actor: Tom Tully
movieId: BrW5  actor: Debbie Reynolds
movieId: BrW10  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: BrW10  actor: Everett Sloane
movieId: BrW10  actor: Zero Mostel
movieId: BrW10  actor: Ted deCorsica
movieId: BrW10  actor: Roy Roberts
movieId: BrW10  actor: King Donovan
movieId: BrW13  actor: Barry Nelson
movieId: BrW13  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: BrW13  actor: Linda Christian
movieId: BrW16  actor: Van Johnson
movieId: BrW16  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: BrW16  actor: Jim Backus
movieId: BrW16  actor: Kay Starr
movieId: BrW100  actor: Roger Moore
movieId: BrW100  actor: Hazel Court
movieId: BrW100  actor: Alan Napier
movieId: BrW100  actor: Gertrude Flynn
movieId: BrW100  actor: Richard Lupino
movieId: BrW100  actor: Barry Harvey
movieId: BrW100  actor: Ralph Clanton
movieId: BrW100  actor: Richard Lupino
movieId: BrW100  actor: Louis G. Mercier
movieId: BrW101  actor: Dennis Day
movieId: BrW101  actor: Alice Backer
movieId: BrW101  actor: Fred Essler
movieId: BrW101  actor: Lack Lambert
movieId: BrW101  actor: Gage Clarke
movieId: BrW101  actor: Frank Richards
movieId: BS1  actor: Anjelica Huston
movieId: BS1  actor: Raul Julia
movieId: BS1  actor: Christopher Lloyd
movieId: BS1  actor: Christina Ricci
movieId: BS1  actor: Jimmy Workman
movieId: BS1  actor: Judith Malina
movieId: BS1  actor: Elizabeth Wien
movieId: BS1  actor: Dan Hedaya
movieId: BS1  actor: Dana Ivey
movieId: BS1  actor: Christopher Hart
movieId: BS1  actor: Laurie Wallis
movieId: BS1  actor: Valerie Wallis
movieId: BS1  actor: Cal Struyker
movieId: BS1  actor: Carol Kane
movieId: BS4  actor: Michael . Fox
movieId: BS4  actor: Anthony Higgins
movieId: BS4  actor: Gabrielle Anwar
movieId: BS4  actor: Michael Tucker
movieId: BS4  actor: Isaac Mizrahi
movieId: BS5  actor: Anjelica Huston
movieId: BS5  actor: Raul Julia
movieId: BS5  actor: Christopher Lloyd
movieId: BS5  actor: Joan Cusack
movieId: BS5  actor: Christina Ricci
movieId: BS5  actor: Jimmy Workman
movieId: BS5  actor: Judith Malina
movieId: BS5  actor: David Krumholtz
movieId: BS5  actor: Christopher Hart
movieId: BS5  actor: Kaitlyn Hooper
movieId: BS5  actor: Kristin Hooper
movieId: BS5  actor: Cal Struyker
movieId: BS6  actor: Michael J. Fox
movieId: BS6  actor: Gabrielle Anwar
movieId: BS6  actor: Anthony Higgins
movieId: BS6  actor: Michael Tucker
movieId: BS6  actor: s a
movieId: BS6  actor: Christian Hanover
movieId: BS6  actor: Dan Hedaya
movieId: BS6  actor: s a
movieId: BS6  actor: s a
movieId: BS6  actor: s a
movieId: BS8  actor: Martin W.
movieId: BS8  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: BS8  actor: John Travolta
movieId: BS8  actor: Danny deVito
movieId: BS8  actor: Renee Russo
movieId: BS8  actor: Morgan Freeman?
movieId: BS8  actor: s a
movieId: BS8  actor: s a
movieId: BS8  actor: s a
movieId: BS8  actor: Martin Ferraro
movieId: BS8  actor: John Gries
movieId: BS10  actor: Tommy Lee Jones
movieId: BS10  actor: Will Smith
movieId: BS10  actor: Vincent DOnofrio
movieId: BS10  actor: Linda Fiorentino
movieId: BS15  actor: Kenneth Branagh
movieId: BS15  actor: Will Smith
movieId: BS15  actor: Kevin Kline
movieId: BS15  actor: Salma Havek
movieId: BS15  actor: s a
movieId: BS15  actor: s a
movieId: BSc11  actor: Penny Peterson
movieId: BSc20  actor: Mickey Rourke
movieId: BSc20  actor: Faye Dunaway
movieId: BSc20  actor: Alice Krige
movieId: BSc20  actor: Jack Nance
movieId: BSc20  actor: J.C. Quinn
movieId: BSc20  actor: Gloria LeRoy
movieId: BSc20  actor: Frank Stallone
movieId: BSc20  actor: Fritz Feld
movieId: BSc25  actor: Jeremy Irons
movieId: BSc25  actor: Glenn Close
movieId: BSc25  actor: Ron Silver
movieId: BSc25  actor: Stephen Mailer
movieId: BSc25  actor: Christine Baranski
movieId: BSc25  actor: Julie Hagerty
movieId: BSc25  actor: Annabella Sciora
movieId: BSc25  actor: Uta Hagen
movieId: BSc25  actor: Fisher Stevens
movieId: BSc28  actor: Bridget Fonda
movieId: BSc28  actor: Jennifer Jason Leigh
movieId: BSc28  actor: Steven Weber
movieId: BSc28  actor: Peter Friedman
movieId: BSc28  actor: Stephen Tobolowsky
movieId: BSc40  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: BSc40  actor: Liam Neeson
movieId: BSc40  actor: Edward Furlong
movieId: BSc40  actor: Alfred Molina
movieId: BSc40  actor: Wesley Addy
movieId: BSe10  actor: Christopher Plummer
movieId: BSe10  actor: Ron Moody
movieId: BSe10  actor: Anthony Quayle
movieId: BSe10  actor: Michael Parks
movieId: BSe10  actor: Angie Dickinson
movieId: BSe20  actor: s a
movieId: BSe20  actor: s a
movieId: BSe20  actor: s a
movieId: BSe20  actor: s a
movieId: BSe20  actor: s a
movieId: BSe20  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: BSe20  actor: s a
movieId: BSe20  actor: s a
movieId: BSe20  actor: Richard Kiely
movieId: BSe20  actor: s a
movieId: BSe20  actor: s a
movieId: BSh10  actor: s a
movieId: BSh10  actor: Sterling Holloway
movieId: BSi10  actor: s a
movieId: BSi10  actor: Christina Ricci
movieId: BSi10  actor: Bill Pullman
movieId: BSi10  actor: Cathy Moriarity
movieId: BSi10  actor: Eric Idle
movieId: BSi10  actor: s a
movieId: BSi10  actor: s a
movieId: BSi10  actor: s a
movieId: BSi10  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: BSi10  actor: Mel Gibson
movieId: BSi10  actor: Dan Ackroyd
movieId: BSi13  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: BSi13  actor: Nicholas Cage
movieId: BSi13  actor: Andre Brougher
movieId: BSi13  actor: Dennis Franz
movieId: BsK1  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK2  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK3  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK4  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK5  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK6  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK6  actor: s a
movieId: BsK6  actor: s a
movieId: BsK6  actor: s a
movieId: BsK7  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK8  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK9  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK10  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK11  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK12  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK13  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK13  actor: Virginia Fox
movieId: BsK14  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK15  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK16  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK17  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK18  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK18  actor: Phylllis Haver
movieId: BsK19  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK19  actor: Margaret Leahy
movieId: BsK19  actor: Wallace Beery
movieId: BsK19  actor: Joe Roberts
movieId: BsK19  actor: Horace Morgan
movieId: BsK20  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK21  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK21  actor: Natalie Talmadge
movieId: BsK21  actor: Joe Keaton
movieId: BsK21  actor: Buster Keaton~jr
movieId: BsK22  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK22  actor: Kathryn McGuire
movieId: BsK22  actor: Ward Crane
movieId: BsK22  actor: Joseph Keaton
movieId: BsK23  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK23  actor: Kathryn McGuire
movieId: BsK23  actor: Noble Johnson
movieId: BsK23  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: BsK24  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK24  actor: Snitz Edwards
movieId: BsK24  actor: Ruth Dwyer
movieId: BsK25  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK26  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK27  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK27  actor: Sally ONeil
movieId: BsK27  actor: Snitz Edwards
movieId: BsK27  actor: s a
movieId: BsK28  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK29  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BsK30  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BSp10  actor: Christina Ricci
movieId: BSp10  actor: Doug E. Doug
movieId: BSp12  actor: s a
movieId: BSp12  actor: s a
movieId: BSp12  actor: s a
movieId: BSp12  actor: s a
movieId: BSp12  actor: s a
movieId: BSp12  actor: s a
movieId: BSp12  actor: s a
movieId: BSp12  actor: s a
movieId: BSp12  actor: Richard Kind
movieId: BSp12  actor: s a
movieId: BSp12  actor: s a
movieId: BSp12  actor: s a
movieId: BSp12  actor: Roger Moore
movieId: BSp12  actor: Vanessa xx
movieId: BSt1  actor: Amy Irving
movieId: BSt1  actor: Barbra Streisand
movieId: BSt1  actor: Nehemiah Persoff
movieId: BSt1  actor: Mandy Patinkin
movieId: BSt5  actor: Barbra Streisand
movieId: BSt5  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: BSt5  actor: Blythe Danner
movieId: BSt5  actor: Jeroen Krabb\'e
movieId: BSt5  actor: Jason Gould
movieId: BSt5  actor: Melinda Dillon
movieId: BSt5  actor: Kate Nelligan
movieId: BSt15  actor: Barbra Streisand
movieId: BSt15  actor: Jeff Bridges
movieId: BSt15  actor: Lauren Bacll
movieId: BSt15  actor: Mimi Roger
movieId: BSt15  actor: Pierce Brosnan
movieId: BSt15  actor: George Segal
movieId: BSt15  actor: Brenda Vaccar
movieId: BSt15  actor: Austin Pendleton
movieId: BSz10  actor: John Masrley
movieId: BSz10  actor: Simon McCorkingdale
movieId: BtB3  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: BtB3  actor: Patrick Dewaere
movieId: BtB3  actor: Brigitte Fossey
movieId: BtB3  actor: MiouMiou
movieId: BtB3  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: BtB3  actor: Isabelle Huppert
movieId: BtB5  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: BtB7  actor: Bernard Blier
movieId: BtB13  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: BtB15  actor: Isabelle Huppert
movieId: BtB19  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: BtB25  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: BtB25  actor: Josiana Balasko
movieId: BtB25  actor: Carole Bouquet
movieId: BtB29  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: BtB29  actor: Anouk Grinberg
movieId: BtB32  actor: Gerard Lanvin
movieId: BtB32  actor: Anouk Grinberg
movieId: BTh10  actor: Christine Taylor
movieId: BTh10  actor: s a
movieId: BTh10  actor: Olivia Hack
movieId: BTh10  actor: Jennifer Elise Cox
movieId: BTh10  actor: Shelly Long
movieId: BTh10  actor: Gary Cole
movieId: BTh10  actor: Michael McKean
movieId: BTh13  actor: Eddie Murphy
movieId: BTh13  actor: Norm McDonald
movieId: BTh13  actor: Chris Rock
movieId: BTh13  actor: Albert Brooks
movieId: BTh13  actor: Julie kavner
movieId: BTh13  actor: John Leguizamo
movieId: BTh13  actor: Ellen DeGeneres
movieId: BTh13  actor: Paul Reubens
movieId: BTh15  actor: Sandra Bullock
movieId: BTh15  actor: Viggo Mortensen
movieId: BTh15  actor: Steve Buscemi
movieId: BTh15  actor: Diane Ladd
movieId: BTh15  actor: Ellen Perkins
movieId: BTh15  actor: Coleman Triton
movieId: BTh15  actor: s a
movieId: BtK10  actor: Maurice Costello
movieId: BtS10  actor: Tim Allen
movieId: BtS10  actor: Kirstie Allen
movieId: BtS10  actor: s a
movieId: BtS10  actor: s a
movieId: BtS10  actor: s a
movieId: BtS10  actor: s a
movieId: BtS10  actor: s a
movieId: BtS10  actor: s a
movieId: BtS10  actor: s a
movieId: BTv5  actor: Michel Piccoli
movieId: BTv5  actor: s a
movieId: BTv5  actor: Christine Pascal
movieId: BTv16  actor: Dexter Gordon
movieId: BTv16  actor: Francois Cluzet
movieId: BTv16  actor: s a
movieId: BTv16  actor: Herbie Hancock
movieId: BTv16  actor: Sandra Reaves Phillips
movieId: BTv16  actor: Lonette McKee
movieId: BTv16  actor: John Berry
movieId: BTv16  actor: Martin Scorsese
movieId: BTv16  actor: Philippe Noiret
movieId: BTv20  actor: Julie Delpy
movieId: BTv22  actor: Sabine Azema
movieId: BTv22  actor: Philippe Noiret
movieId: BTv22  actor: Pascale Vignal
movieId: BTv24  actor: Dirk Bogarde
movieId: BTv24  actor: Jane Birkin
movieId: BTv27  actor: s a
movieId: BTv27  actor: Sophie Marceau
movieId: BTv29  actor: Didier Bezace
movieId: BuE10  actor: Mary Wilcox
movieId: BuE10  actor: s a
movieId: BuE10  actor: Lyle Waggoner
movieId: BuG10  actor: Leonie Flugrath
movieId: BuG10  actor: Pat OMalley
movieId: BuG10  actor: Eldean Stewart
movieId: BuG10  actor: Guido Colucci
movieId: BuH10  actor: Warren Beatty
movieId: BuH10  actor: Julie Christie
movieId: BuH10  actor: Charles Grodin
movieId: BuH10  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: BuH10  actor: Dyan Cannon
movieId: BuH15  actor: Bob Newhart
movieId: BuH15  actor: Gilda Radner
movieId: BuH15  actor: Madeline Kahn
movieId: BuH15  actor: Richard Benjamin
movieId: BuH15  actor: Harvey Korman
movieId: BuK2  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: BuK2  actor: Kathleen Freeman
movieId: BuK3  actor: Yul Brynner
movieId: BuK5  actor: John Wayne
movieId: BuK5  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: BuK5  actor: Howard Keele
movieId: BuK5  actor: Robert Walker
movieId: BuK5  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: BuK5  actor: Bruce Cabot
movieId: BuK5  actor: Gene Evans
movieId: BuK5  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: BuK10  actor: James Garner
movieId: BuK10  actor: Joan Hackett
movieId: BuK10  actor: Walter Brennan
movieId: BuK10  actor: Harry Morgan
movieId: BuK10  actor: Henry Jones
movieId: BuK10  actor: Jack Elam
movieId: BuK10  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: BuR10  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: BuR10  actor: Jerry Reed
movieId: BuR10  actor: Jack Weston
movieId: BuR10  actor: Lauren Hutton
movieId: BuR14  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: BuR14  actor: Sally Field
movieId: BuR14  actor: Dom DeLuise
movieId: BuR14  actor: Joanne Woodward
movieId: BuR14  actor: Carl Reiner
movieId: BuR14  actor: Robby Benson
movieId: BuR14  actor: David Steinberg
movieId: BuR14  actor: Norman Fell
movieId: BuR14  actor: Pat OBrien
movieId: BuR14  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: BuR14  actor: Kristy McNichol
movieId: BuR20  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: BuR20  actor: Rachel Ward
movieId: BuR20  actor: Brian Keith
movieId: BuR20  actor: Henry Silva
movieId: BuR20  actor: Vittorio Gassman
movieId: BuR20  actor: Charles Durning
movieId: BuR20  actor: Earl Holliman
movieId: BuR25  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: BuR25  actor: Ray Sharkey
movieId: BuS10  actor: Anthony Michael Hall
movieId: BuS10  actor: Robert Downey~jr.
movieId: BuS10  actor: Uma Thurman
movieId: BuT10  actor: Victor Buono
movieId: BuT10  actor: David McLean
movieId: BuT10  actor: Ellen Corby
movieId: BuT10  actor: Daine Sayer
movieId: BvH8  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: BvH8  actor: Sondra Locke
movieId: BvH8  actor: Geoffrey Lewis
movieId: BvH10  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: BvH10  actor: Sondra Locke
movieId: BvH10  actor: Harry Guardino
movieId: BvH10  actor: Ruth Gordon
movieId: BVi5  actor: Salka Steuermamm
movieId: BVi12  actor: Claudette Colbert
movieId: BVi12  actor: Clive Brook
movieId: BVi12  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: BVi12  actor: Andy Devine
movieId: BVi12  actor: Alan Mowbray
movieId: BVi12  actor: Christian Rub
movieId: BVo10  actor: Cathy ODonnell
movieId: BVo10  actor: June Lockhart
movieId: BVo10  actor: Hugh Beaumont
movieId: BVS3  actor: Jayne Mansfield
movieId: BVS3  actor: Lawrence Tierney
movieId: BVS3  actor: John Carradine
movieId: BVS3  actor: Kathleen Cworlwy
movieId: BW2  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: BW2  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: BW2  actor: Robert Benchley
movieId: BW2  actor: Rita Johnson
movieId: BW2  actor: Frankie Thomas
movieId: BW2  actor: Edward Fielding
movieId: BW2  actor: Diana Lynn
movieId: BW2  actor: Lela Rogers
movieId: BW3  actor: Erich vonStroheim
movieId: BW3  actor: Franchot Tone
movieId: BW3  actor: Anne Baxter
movieId: BW3  actor: Peter vanEyck
movieId: BW3  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: BW3  actor: Miles Mander
movieId: BW3  actor: Ian Keith
movieId: BW3  actor: Konstantin Shayne
movieId: BW4  actor: Fred MacMurray
movieId: BW4  actor: Barbara Stanwyk
movieId: BW4  actor: none
movieId: BW4  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: BW4  actor: Jean Heather
movieId: BW4  actor: Porter Hall
movieId: BW4  actor: Tom Powers
movieId: BW4  actor: Byron Barr
movieId: BW4  actor: Richard Gaines
movieId: BW4  actor: Fortuna Bonanova
movieId: BW5  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: BW5  actor: Frank Faylen
movieId: BW5  actor: Howard daSilva
movieId: BW5  actor: Jane Wyman
movieId: BW5  actor: Doris Dowling
movieId: BW5  actor: Clarence Muse
movieId: BW5  actor: Philip Terry
movieId: BW5  actor: Edna May Wonnacutt
movieId: BW7  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: BW7  actor: John Lund
movieId: BW7  actor: Jean Arthur
movieId: BW7  actor: Millard Mitchell
movieId: BW7  actor: Freddie Steele
movieId: BW8  actor: William Holden
movieId: BW8  actor: Gloria Swanson
movieId: BW8  actor: Erich vonStroheim
movieId: BW8  actor: Nancy Olson
movieId: BW8  actor: Fred Clark
movieId: BW8  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: BW8  actor: Anna Q. Nilsson
movieId: BW8  actor: Hedda Hopper
movieId: BW8  actor: Cecil B. DeMille
movieId: BW8  actor: Jack Webb
movieId: BW8  actor: Erich vonStroheim
movieId: BW8  actor: H.B. Warner
movieId: BW9  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: BW9  actor: Jan Sterling
movieId: BW9  actor: Porter Hall
movieId: BW9  actor: Richard Benedict
movieId: BW9  actor: Bob Arthur
movieId: BW9  actor: Richard Benedict
movieId: BW9  actor: Ray Teal
movieId: BW9  actor: Frank Cady
movieId: BW10  actor: William Holden
movieId: BW10  actor: Don Taylor
movieId: BW10  actor: Peter Graves
movieId: BW10  actor: Robert Strauss
movieId: BW10  actor: Harvey Lembeck
movieId: BW10  actor: Richard Erdmann
movieId: BW10  actor: Sig Ruman
movieId: BW10  actor: Otto Preminger
movieId: BW10  actor: Neville Brand
movieId: BW11  actor: Audrey Hepburn
movieId: BW11  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: BW11  actor: William Holden
movieId: BW11  actor: John Williams
movieId: BW11  actor: Walter Hampden
movieId: BW11  actor: Martha Hyer
movieId: BW11  actor: Marcel Dalio
movieId: BW11  actor: Nella Walker
movieId: BW11  actor: Francis X. Bushman
movieId: BW11  actor: Joan Vohs
movieId: BW12  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: BW12  actor: Tom Ewell
movieId: BW12  actor: Evelyn Keyes
movieId: BW12  actor: Sonny Tufts
movieId: BW12  actor: Victor Moore
movieId: BW12  actor: Oscar Homolka
movieId: BW13  actor: James Stewart
movieId: BW14  actor: Audrey Hepburn
movieId: BW14  actor: Maurice Chevalier
movieId: BW14  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: BW14  actor: John McGiver
movieId: BW15  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: BW15  actor: Tyrone Power
movieId: BW15  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: BW15  actor: Elsa Lancaster
movieId: BW16  actor: Tony Curtis
movieId: BW16  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: BW16  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: BW16  actor: Joe E. Brown
movieId: BW16  actor: George Raft
movieId: BW16  actor: Pat OBrien
movieId: BW16  actor: Nehemiah Persoff
movieId: BW16  actor: Mike Mazurki
movieId: BW16  actor: Tom Kennedy
movieId: BW17  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: BW17  actor: Shirley MacLaine
movieId: BW17  actor: Fred MacMurray
movieId: BW17  actor: Jack Kruschen
movieId: BW17  actor: Joe Dobisch
movieId: BW17  actor: David Lewis
movieId: BW17  actor: Ray Walston
movieId: BW17  actor: Joan Shawlee
movieId: BW17  actor: Edie Adams
movieId: BW17  actor: David White
movieId: BW18  actor: Jimmy Cagney
movieId: BW18  actor: Arlene Francis
movieId: BW18  actor: Pamela Tiffin
movieId: BW18  actor: Horst Bucholz
movieId: BW18  actor: Hans Lothar
movieId: BW19  actor: Shirley Maclaine
movieId: BW19  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: BW19  actor: Lou Jacobi
movieId: BW19  actor: Hershel Benardi
movieId: BW19  actor: Joan Shawlee
movieId: BW19  actor: Bruce Yarnell
movieId: BW21  actor: Dean Martin
movieId: BW21  actor: Kim Novak
movieId: BW21  actor: s a
movieId: BW21  actor: s a
movieId: BW21  actor: Ray Walston
movieId: BW21  actor: Cliff Osmond
movieId: BW25  actor: Robert Stephens
movieId: BW25  actor: Colin Blake
movieId: BW25  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: BW25  actor: Genevieve Page
movieId: BW25  actor: s a
movieId: BW28  actor: William Holden
movieId: BW28  actor: Martha Keller
movieId: BW28  actor: Jose Ferrer
movieId: BW28  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: BW28  actor: Michael York
movieId: BW28  actor: Hildegard Knef
movieId: BW30  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: BW30  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: BW30  actor: Paula Prentiss
movieId: BW30  actor: Klaus Kinski
movieId: BWb10  actor: Chet Baker
movieId: BYa10  actor: Renee Zellweger
movieId: BYa10  actor: Glenn Fitzgerald
movieId: BYa10  actor: s a
movieId: BYa10  actor: Julianna Margulies
movieId: ByB10  actor: Elvis Payne
movieId: ByB10  actor: Mark Wingett
movieId: ByB10  actor: Kathryn Apanowicz
movieId: ByB10  actor: Jason Rose
movieId: ByH5  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: ByH5  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: ByH5  actor: Lizabeth Scott
movieId: ByH5  actor: Wendell corey
movieId: ByH5  actor: Kristine Miller
movieId: ByH5  actor: George Riguad
movieId: ByH5  actor: Marc Lawrence
movieId: ByH5  actor: Mike Mazrrki
movieId: ByH8  actor: Bobby Driscoll
movieId: ByH8  actor: Robert Newton
movieId: ByH8  actor: Basil Sydney
movieId: ByH8  actor: Walter Fitzgerald
movieId: ByH8  actor: Denis ODay
movieId: ByH8  actor: Geoffrey Wilson
movieId: ByH8  actor: Ralph Truman
movieId: ByH10  actor: Lex Barker
movieId: ByH10  actor: George MacReady
movieId: ByH10  actor: Dorothy Dandridge
movieId: ByH10  actor: Virginia Huston
movieId: ByH10  actor: Douglas Fowley
movieId: ByH10  actor: Glenn Anders
movieId: ByH10  actor: Frederick ONeal
movieId: ByH10  actor: Alan Napier
movieId: ByH10  actor: Edward Ashley
movieId: ByH12  actor: Robert Newton
movieId: ByH12  actor: Rod Taylor
movieId: ByH12  actor: Connie Gilchrist
movieId: ByH12  actor: Kit Taylor
movieId: ByH13  actor: Gene Barry
movieId: ByH13  actor: Ann Robinson
movieId: ByH13  actor: Les Tremayne
movieId: ByH13  actor: Bob Cornthwaite
movieId: ByH13  actor: Sandra Giglio
movieId: ByH15  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: ByH15  actor: Eleanor Parker
movieId: ByH15  actor: William Conrad
movieId: ByH15  actor: Abraham Sofaer
movieId: ByH15  actor: John Dierkes
movieId: ByH20  actor: Joseph Cotton
movieId: ByH20  actor: George Sanders
movieId: ByH20  actor: Debra Paget
movieId: ByH26  actor: Paul Mantee
movieId: ByH26  actor: Vic Lundin
movieId: BYo1  actor: Giovanni Ribisi
movieId: BYo1  actor: s a
movieId: BYo1  actor: Ben Affleck
movieId: BYo1  actor: Ron Rifkin
movieId: ByP10  actor: Robert Wuhl
movieId: ByP10  actor: Martin Landau
movieId: ByP10  actor: Jace Alexander
movieId: ByP10  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: ByP10  actor: s a
movieId: ByP10  actor: Sheryl Lee Ralph
movieId: ByP10  actor: Eli Wallach
movieId: ByP10  actor: Jean Smart
movieId: ByP10  actor: Danny Aiello
movieId: ByP10  actor: Tuesday Knight
movieId: ByP10  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: ByP10  actor: Vasek Simek
movieId: ByP10  actor: s a
movieId: ByP10  actor: s a
movieId: ByP10  actor: s a
movieId: ByP10  actor: s a
movieId: ByP10  actor: Eli Wallach
movieId: ByP10  actor: s a
movieId: ByS10  actor: Kevin Spacey
movieId: ByS15  actor: Brad Renfro
movieId: ByS15  actor: Ian McKellen
movieId: ByS17  actor: Ian McKellen
movieId: ByS17  actor: Patrick Stewart
movieId: ByS17  actor: Hugh Jackman
movieId: ByS17  actor: Anna Paquin
movieId: ByS17  actor: s a
movieId: ByS17  actor: Rebecca RomijnStamos
movieId: BZi10  actor: Natalie Uher
movieId: BZi10  actor: Jean Rene Gossart
movieId: BZi10  actor: Hassan Guerera
movieId: BZi10  actor: Gustavo Rodriguez
movieId: BZi10  actor: Tamira
movieId: BZi10  actor: s a
movieId: BzK8  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: BzK8  actor: Jim Brown
movieId: BzK8  actor: Ben Carruthers
movieId: BzK8  actor: Mike Kellin
movieId: BzK10  actor: Billy Dee Williams
movieId: BzK10  actor: James Caan
movieId: BzK10  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: BzK15  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: BzK15  actor: Dyan Cannon
movieId: BzK15  actor: Barry Beckerman
movieId: BzK20  actor: Steve McQueen
movieId: BzK20  actor: Eli Wallach
movieId: BzK20  actor: LeVar Burton
movieId: BzK20  actor: Kathryn x
movieId: BzK20  actor: Johnson
movieId: C40  actor: Hans Marr
movieId: C76  actor: Lois Moran
movieId: C87  actor: Lionel Atwill
movieId: C87  actor: Fay Wray
movieId: C87  actor: Preston Sturges
movieId: C87  actor: Lee Tracy
movieId: C89  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: C89  actor: Lyle Talbot
movieId: C91  actor: Lionel Atwill
movieId: C91  actor: Fay Wray
movieId: C91  actor: Glenda Farrel
movieId: C91  actor: Frank McHugh
movieId: C94  actor: William Powell
movieId: C94  actor: Mary Astor
movieId: C94  actor: Eugene Pallette
movieId: C94  actor: Ralph Morgan
movieId: C94  actor: Helen Vinson
movieId: C94  actor: Jack LaRue
movieId: C94  actor: Paul Cavanagh
movieId: C94  actor: Robert Barrat
movieId: C101  actor: Paul Muni
movieId: C104  actor: Errol Flynn
movieId: C104  actor: Olivia deHavilland
movieId: C104  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: C104  actor: Lionel Atwill
movieId: C104  actor: Guy Kibee
movieId: C104  actor: Ross Alexander
movieId: C104  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: C104  actor: Forrester Harvey
movieId: C104  actor: Hobart Cavanaugh
movieId: C104  actor: Donald Meek
movieId: C106  actor: Errol Flynn
movieId: C106  actor: Olivia deHavilland
movieId: C106  actor: Patric Knowles
movieId: C106  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: C106  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: C106  actor: David Niveb
movieId: C106  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: C106  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: C106  actor: C.Henry Gordon
movieId: C106  actor: Spring Byington
movieId: C106  actor: E.E. Clive
movieId: C106  actor: Lumsden Hare
movieId: C106  actor: Robert Barrat
movieId: C106  actor: Carrol Naish
movieId: C109  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: C109  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: C109  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: C109  actor: Wayne Morris
movieId: C109  actor: Jane Bryan
movieId: C109  actor: Harry Carey
movieId: C109  actor: William Haade
movieId: C109  actor: Soledad Jiminez
movieId: C109  actor: Joe Cunningham
movieId: C109  actor: Ben Welden
movieId: C109  actor: Joseph Crehan
movieId: C112  actor: Errol Flynn
movieId: C112  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: C112  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: C112  actor: Olivia deHavilland
movieId: C112  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: C112  actor: Patric Knowles
movieId: C112  actor: Eugene Pallette
movieId: C112  actor: Ian Hunter
movieId: C112  actor: Melville Cooper
movieId: C112  actor: Una OConnor
movieId: C112  actor: Herbert Mundin
movieId: C112  actor: Montagu Love
movieId: C112  actor: Howard Hill
movieId: C113  actor: Lola Lane
movieId: C113  actor: Priscilla Lane
movieId: C113  actor: Rosemary Lane
movieId: C113  actor: Gale Page
movieId: C113  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: C113  actor: John Garfield
movieId: C113  actor: May Robson
movieId: C113  actor: Dick Foran
movieId: C114  actor: George Brent
movieId: C114  actor: Olivia deHavilland
movieId: C115  actor: Jimmy Cagney
movieId: C115  actor: Pat OBrien
movieId: C115  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: C115  actor: The Dead End Kids
movieId: C115  actor: Ann Sheridan
movieId: C115  actor: Goerge Bancroft
movieId: C115  actor: Edward Pawley
movieId: C117  actor: Lola Lane
movieId: C117  actor: Priscilla Lane
movieId: C117  actor: Rosemary Lane
movieId: C117  actor: Gale Page
movieId: C117  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: C117  actor: John Garfield
movieId: C117  actor: Fay Bainter
movieId: C117  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: C117  actor: May Robson
movieId: C117  actor: Dick Foran
movieId: C118  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: C118  actor: Errol Flynn
movieId: C118  actor: Olivia deHavilland
movieId: C118  actor: Leo G. Carroll
movieId: C118  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: C118  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: C118  actor: Nanette Fabray
movieId: C118  actor: Errol Flynn
movieId: C118  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: C118  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: C118  actor: Henry Daniell
movieId: C118  actor: Leo G. Carroll
movieId: C118  actor: Robert Warwick
movieId: C118  actor: John Sutton
movieId: C118  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: C119  actor: Errol Flynn
movieId: C119  actor: Olivia deHavilland
movieId: C119  actor: Ann Sheridan
movieId: C119  actor: Bruce Cabot
movieId: C119  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: C119  actor: Frank McHugh
movieId: C119  actor: John Litel
movieId: C119  actor: Victor Jory
movieId: C119  actor: William lundigan
movieId: C119  actor: Henry Travers
movieId: C119  actor: Henry ONeill
movieId: C119  actor: Guinn Williams
movieId: C119  actor: Gloria Holden
movieId: C120  actor: Lola Lane
movieId: C120  actor: Priscilla Lane
movieId: C120  actor: Rosemary Lane
movieId: C120  actor: Gale Page
movieId: C120  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: C120  actor: John Garfield
movieId: C120  actor: Fay Bainter
movieId: C120  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: C120  actor: May Robson
movieId: C120  actor: Eddie Albert
movieId: C120  actor: Vera Lewis
movieId: C120  actor: John Qualen
movieId: C121  actor: Errol Flynn
movieId: C121  actor: Flora Robson
movieId: C121  actor: Brenda Marshall
movieId: C121  actor: Henry Daniell
movieId: C121  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: C121  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: C121  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: C121  actor: Una OConnor
movieId: C121  actor: James Stephenson
movieId: C121  actor: Gilbert Roland
movieId: C122  actor: Errol Flynn
movieId: C122  actor: Olivia deHavilland
movieId: C122  actor: Raymond Massey
movieId: C122  actor: Ronald Reagan
movieId: C122  actor: Van Heflin
movieId: C122  actor: Charles Middleton
movieId: C123  actor: Errol Flynn
movieId: C123  actor: Randolph Scott
movieId: C123  actor: Miriam Hopkins
movieId: C123  actor: Humphret Bogart
movieId: C123  actor: Frank McHugh
movieId: C123  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: C123  actor: Guinn Williams
movieId: C123  actor: John Litel
movieId: C123  actor: Moroni Olsen
movieId: C123  actor: Russell Hicks
movieId: C123  actor: Douglas dumbrille
movieId: C123  actor: Victor Kilian
movieId: C124  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: C124  actor: Alexander Knox
movieId: C124  actor: Ida Lupino
movieId: C124  actor: John Garfield
movieId: C124  actor: Gene Lockhart
movieId: C124  actor: Barry Fitzgerald
movieId: C124  actor: Stanley Ridges
movieId: C124  actor: David Bruce
movieId: C124  actor: Howard daSilva
movieId: C126  actor: Captain Jack Young
movieId: C126  actor: Jimmy Cagney
movieId: C127  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: C127  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: C127  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: C127  actor: Paul Henreid
movieId: C127  actor: Conrad Veidt
movieId: C127  actor: Sidney Greenstreet
movieId: C127  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: C127  actor: Dooley Wilson
movieId: C127  actor: Marcel Dalio
movieId: C127  actor: Alan Ladd
movieId: C127  actor: Helmut Dantine
movieId: C127  actor: S.Z. Sakall
movieId: C127  actor: Madeleine Lebeau
movieId: C127  actor: Joy Page
movieId: C127  actor: Leonid Kinskey
movieId: C127  actor: Curt Bois
movieId: C127  actor: Dan Seymour
movieId: C127  actor: Ludwig Stossel
movieId: C127  actor: Ilka Gruning
movieId: C127  actor: Frank Puglia
movieId: C127  actor: John Qualen
movieId: C129  actor: George Murphy
movieId: C129  actor: Ronald Reagan
movieId: C129  actor: Irving Berlin
movieId: C129  actor: Joe Louis
movieId: C129  actor: Frances Langford
movieId: C129  actor: Kate Smith
movieId: C129  actor: Ruth Donelly
movieId: C129  actor: Dolores Costello
movieId: C129  actor: Charles Butterworth
movieId: C129  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: C129  actor: Captain Jack Young
movieId: C131  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: C131  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: C131  actor: Sydney Greenstreet
movieId: C131  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: C131  actor: Michele Morgan
movieId: C131  actor: Philip Dorn
movieId: C131  actor: Helmut Dantine
movieId: C131  actor: George Tobias
movieId: C131  actor: Victor Francen
movieId: C131  actor: Eduardo Cianelli
movieId: C134  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: C134  actor: Zachary Scott
movieId: C134  actor: Ann Blyth
movieId: C134  actor: Jack Carson
movieId: C134  actor: Eve Arden
movieId: C135  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: C135  actor: Alexis Smith
movieId: C135  actor: Ginny Simms
movieId: C135  actor: Monty Woolley
movieId: C135  actor: Mary Martin
movieId: C135  actor: Jane Wyman
movieId: C135  actor: Victor Francen
movieId: C135  actor: Dorotjy Malone
movieId: C135  actor: Selana Royle
movieId: C135  actor: Eve Arden
movieId: C135  actor: Donald woods
movieId: C135  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: C135  actor: Paul Cavanagh
movieId: C135  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: C135  actor: Clarence muse
movieId: C135  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: C135  actor: Herman Bing
movieId: C136  actor: William Powell
movieId: C136  actor: Irene Dunne
movieId: C136  actor: James Lydon
movieId: C136  actor: s a
movieId: C136  actor: John Calhoun
movieId: C136  actor: Derek Scott
movieId: C136  actor: Moroni Olsen
movieId: C136  actor: Zasu Pitts
movieId: C136  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: C136  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: C140  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: C140  actor: Zachary Scott
movieId: C140  actor: Sydney Greenstreet
movieId: C140  actor: David Brian
movieId: C142  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: C142  actor: Lauren Bacall
movieId: C142  actor: Doris Day
movieId: C142  actor: Hoagy Carmichael
movieId: C142  actor: Juano Hernandex
movieId: C142  actor: Jerome Cowan
movieId: C142  actor: Mary Beth Hughes
movieId: C142  actor: Nestor Paiva
movieId: C143  actor: John Garfield
movieId: C143  actor: Patricia Neal
movieId: C143  actor: Phyllis Thaxter
movieId: C143  actor: Juan Hernandez
movieId: C143  actor: Wallace Ford
movieId: C143  actor: Edmon Ryan
movieId: C143  actor: William Campbell
movieId: C146  actor: William Holden
movieId: C146  actor: Nancy Olson
movieId: C146  actor: Frank Lovejoy
movieId: C146  actor: Gene Evans
movieId: C146  actor: Dick Wesson
movieId: C146  actor: Paule Picerni
movieId: C157  actor: Danny Thomas
movieId: C157  actor: Peggy Lee
movieId: C160  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: C160  actor: Peter Ustinov
movieId: C160  actor: Aldo Ray
movieId: C160  actor: Joan Bennett
movieId: C160  actor: Cecil Rathbone
movieId: C160  actor: Leo G. Carroll
movieId: C160  actor: John Smith
movieId: C161  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: C161  actor: Danny Kaye
movieId: C161  actor: Rosemary Clooney
movieId: C161  actor: VeraEllen
movieId: C161  actor: Dean Jagger
movieId: C161  actor: Mary Wickes
movieId: C161  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: C161  actor: John Brascia
movieId: C165  actor: Oreste Kirkop
movieId: C165  actor: Kathryn Grayson
movieId: C165  actor: Rita Moreno
movieId: C165  actor: Walter Hampden
movieId: C165  actor: Leslie Nielsen
movieId: C165  actor: Cedric Hardwicke
movieId: C165  actor: William Prince
movieId: C171  actor: Eddie Hodges
movieId: C171  actor: Tony Randall
movieId: C171  actor: Archie Moore
movieId: C171  actor: Neville Brand
movieId: C171  actor: Judy Canova
movieId: C171  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: C171  actor: Andy Devine
movieId: C171  actor: Royal Dano
movieId: CaB1  actor: Delphine Zentout
movieId: CaB1  actor: Etienne Chicot
movieId: CaB1  actor: Olivier Parniere
movieId: CaB1  actor: JeanPierre Leaud
movieId: CaB1  actor: Bertha Dominguez-D
movieId: CaB1  actor: JeanFrancois Stevenin
movieId: CaB1  actor: Diane Bellego
movieId: CaB6  actor: Caroline Ducey
movieId: CaB6  actor: Sagamore Stevenin
movieId: CaB6  actor: s a
movieId: CaB6  actor: Rocco Siffredi
movieId: CAd10  actor: Samantha Morton
movieId: CAd10  actor: Claire Rushbrook
movieId: CAd10  actor: Rita Tushinham
movieId: CAd10  actor: s a
movieId: CaF10  actor: Bill Paxton
movieId: CaF10  actor: Billy Bob Thornton
movieId: CaF10  actor: Cynda Williams
movieId: CaF10  actor: Michael Beach
movieId: CaF10  actor: Jim Metzler
movieId: CaF10  actor: Earl Billings
movieId: CaF10  actor: s a
movieId: CaF10  actor: s a
movieId: CaG1  actor: Ringo Starr
movieId: CaG1  actor: Barbara Bach
movieId: CaG1  actor: Dennis Quaid
movieId: CaG1  actor: Jack Gilford
movieId: CaG1  actor: Shelly Long
movieId: CaG1  actor: Avery Schreiber
movieId: CaG1  actor: John Matuszak
movieId: CAL15  actor: Micheline Presle
movieId: CAL15  actor: Gerard Philipe
movieId: CAL20  actor: Danielle Darrieux
movieId: CAL20  actor: Jean Desailly
movieId: CAL20  actor: Bourvil
movieId: CAL20  actor: Carette
movieId: CAL20  actor: Gregoire Aslan
movieId: CAL20  actor: s a
movieId: CAL25  actor: Fernandel
movieId: CAL25  actor: Francoise Rosay
movieId: CAL25  actor: Carette
movieId: CAL25  actor: Gregoire Aslan
movieId: CAL25  actor: Yves Montand
movieId: CAL35  actor: PierreMichel Beck
movieId: CAL35  actor: Nicole Berger
movieId: CAL35  actor: Edwige Feuillere
movieId: CAL36  actor: Gerard Philipe
movieId: CAL36  actor: Danielle Darrieux
movieId: CAL36  actor: Antonella Lualdi
movieId: CAL36  actor: Jean Martinelli
movieId: CAL36  actor: s a
movieId: CAL36  actor: s a
movieId: CAL46  actor: Bourvil
movieId: CAL46  actor: Jean Gabin
movieId: CAm30  actor: William Hurt
movieId: CAm30  actor: Juliette Binoche
movieId: CAN10  actor: Debbie Reynolds
movieId: CaR1  actor: Reni Santoni
movieId: CaR1  actor: Jose Ferrer
movieId: CaR1  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: CaR1  actor: Elaine may
movieId: CaR1  actor: Jack Gilford
movieId: CaR1  actor: Janet margolin
movieId: CaR1  actor: David Opatoshu
movieId: CaR1  actor: Michael J. Pollard
movieId: CaR5  actor: Dick vanDyke
movieId: CaR5  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: CaR5  actor: Cornel Wilde
movieId: CaR5  actor: Carl Reiner
movieId: CaR5  actor: Michele Lee
movieId: CaR5  actor: Pert Kelton
movieId: CaR7  actor: George Segal
movieId: CaR7  actor: Ruth Gordon
movieId: CaR7  actor: Trish VanDevere
movieId: CaR7  actor: Ron Leibman
movieId: CaR7  actor: Rae Allen
movieId: CaR7  actor: Vincent Gardenia
movieId: CaR7  actor: Barnard Hughes
movieId: CaR7  actor: Rob Reiner
movieId: CaR7  actor: Garrett Morris
movieId: CaR15  actor: George Burns
movieId: CaR15  actor: John Denver
movieId: CaR15  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: CaR15  actor: Donald Pleasence
movieId: CaR15  actor: Teri Garr
movieId: CaR15  actor: Paul Sorvino
movieId: CaR15  actor: William Daniels
movieId: CaR15  actor: Barnard Hughes
movieId: CaR15  actor: Barry Sullivan
movieId: CaR15  actor: Dinah Shore
movieId: CaR15  actor: Jeff Corey
movieId: CaR15  actor: David Ogden Stiers
movieId: CaR20  actor: Steve Martin
movieId: CaR20  actor: Rachel Ward
movieId: CaR20  actor: Reni Santoni
movieId: CaR20  actor: Carl Reiner
movieId: CaR21  actor: Steve Martin
movieId: CaR21  actor: Bernadette Peters
movieId: CaR21  actor: Catlin Adams
movieId: CaR21  actor: Bill Macy
movieId: CaR21  actor: Maurice Evans
movieId: CaR22  actor: Steve Martin
movieId: CaR22  actor: Kathleen Turner
movieId: CaR22  actor: David Warner
movieId: CaR22  actor: Paul Benedict
movieId: CaR22  actor: s a
movieId: CaR22  actor: Peter Hobbs
movieId: CaR22  actor: Merv Griffin
movieId: CaR24  actor: Steve Martin
movieId: CaR24  actor: Lily Tomlin
movieId: CaR24  actor: Victoria Tennant
movieId: CaR27  actor: Mark Harmon
movieId: CaR27  actor: Kistie Alley
movieId: CaR30  actor: Robert Lindsay
movieId: CaR30  actor: Anne Bancroft
movieId: CaR30  actor: s a
movieId: CaR30  actor: s a
movieId: CaR30  actor: s a
movieId: CaR30  actor: Liberty mounton
movieId: CaR31  actor: Kirstie Alley
movieId: CaR31  actor: Sam Elliott
movieId: CaR31  actor: Jami Gertz
movieId: CaR31  actor: Scott Bakula
movieId: CaR31  actor: Carrie Fisher
movieId: CaR31  actor: Frances Sternhagen
movieId: CaR31  actor: John Randolph
movieId: CaR31  actor: Ed ONeil
movieId: CaR31  actor: Bill Pullman
movieId: CaR35  actor: Armand Assante
movieId: CaR35  actor: Sean Young
movieId: CaR35  actor: Sherilyn Fenn
movieId: CaR35  actor: Kate Nelligan
movieId: CaR35  actor: Tony Randall
movieId: CaR38  actor: Bette Midler
movieId: CaR38  actor: Dennis Farina
movieId: CaR38  actor: Paula Marshall
movieId: CaR38  actor: Gail OGrady
movieId: CaR38  actor: David Rasche
movieId: CaR38  actor: Jamie Denton
movieId: CaR38  actor: Young
movieId: CaS10  actor: Christopher Lambert
movieId: CaS10  actor: Diane Lane
movieId: CaS10  actor: Tom Skerritt
movieId: CaS10  actor: Daniel Baldwin
movieId: CB14  actor: Elisabeth Depardieu
movieId: CB14  actor: Daniel Auteuil
movieId: CB14  actor: Yves Montand
movieId: CB15  actor: Emanuelle Beart
movieId: CB15  actor: Yves Glary
movieId: CB15  actor: Daniel Auteuil
movieId: CB15  actor: Yves Montand
movieId: CB18  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: CB18  actor: JeanRoger Milo
movieId: CB18  actor: Renaud
movieId: CB18  actor: MiouMiou
movieId: CB18  actor: s a
movieId: CBa30  actor: Betty Bronson
movieId: CBa30  actor: Neil Hamilton
movieId: CBa30  actor: Phyllis Haver
movieId: CBa30  actor: Rockliffe Fellowes
movieId: CBa40  actor: Clara Bow
movieId: CBa40  actor: Antonio Moreno
movieId: CBa40  actor: William Austin
movieId: CBa40  actor: Jacquline Gadson
movieId: CBa40  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: CBa40  actor: Elinor Glynn
movieId: CBa45  actor: Irene Bordoni
movieId: CBa45  actor: Jack Buchanan
movieId: CBa45  actor: Louise Closser Hale
movieId: CBa45  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: CBa50  actor: Bernice Claire
movieId: CBa50  actor: Lucien Littlefield
movieId: CBa50  actor: Lilyan Tashman
movieId: CBa50  actor: Bert Roach
movieId: CBa50  actor: Zasu Pitts
movieId: CBe10  actor: Jamie Lee Curtis
movieId: CBe10  actor: Bruce Weitz
movieId: CBe10  actor: Mitchell Ryan
movieId: CBd10  actor: Kelly Reno
movieId: CBd10  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: CBd10  actor: Teri Garr
movieId: CBd10  actor: Hoyt Axton
movieId: CBd20  actor: Charles Martin Smith
movieId: CBd20  actor: Brian Dennehy
movieId: CBd20  actor: Zachary Ittimangnaq
movieId: CBd20  actor: Samson Jorah
movieId: CBl20  actor: Roger Corman
movieId: CBl25  actor: John Bubbles
movieId: CBl25  actor: The Nicholas Brothers
movieId: CBl25  actor: Chuck Green
movieId: CBl25  actor: Honi Coles
movieId: CBl26  actor: Eli Wallach
movieId: CBl30  actor: Edith Head
movieId: CBl30  actor: Bill Ihnen
movieId: CBl32  actor: Lowell Thomas
movieId: CBl35  actor: Sam Fuller
movieId: CBl40  actor: Eartha Kitt
movieId: CBl60  actor: Walter Huston
movieId: CBl67  actor: Arthur Miller
movieId: CBl67  actor: Volker Schlondorff
movieId: CBl67  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: CBl69  actor: Alwin Nikolais
movieId: CBl69  actor: Murray Louis
movieId: CBl70  actor: Paul Seiler
movieId: CBl73  actor: Lino Brocka
movieId: CBl80  actor: Martha Becket
movieId: CBm10  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: CBm10  actor: Marion Mack
movieId: CBm11  actor: Oliver Hardy
movieId: CBm11  actor: Stan Laurel
movieId: CBm11  actor: Eugene Palette
movieId: CBm60  actor: Harold Lloyd
movieId: CBm60  actor: Constance Cummings
movieId: CBP10  actor: Lee Majors
movieId: CBP10  actor: Cornel Wilde
movieId: CBP10  actor: Mel Ferrer
movieId: CBP10  actor: Jack Elam
movieId: CBP10  actor: Chris Connelly
movieId: CBP12  actor: Vic Morrow
movieId: CBP12  actor: Michael Parks
movieId: CBP12  actor: Jessica Harper
movieId: CBt3  actor: Henry Sanders
movieId: CBt10  actor: Paul Butler
movieId: CBt10  actor: Mary Alice
movieId: CBt10  actor: Harry Glover
movieId: CBt10  actor: Danny Glover
movieId: CBt10  actor: Richard Brooks
movieId: CBt10  actor: Carol Lumbly
movieId: CBt10  actor: Ethel Ayler
movieId: CBt10  actor: Sheryl Lee Ralph
movieId: CBt10  actor: Vonetta McGee
movieId: CBt10  actor: Davis Roberts
movieId: CBt10  actor: Sy Richardson
movieId: CBt10  actor: Devaughn Walter Nixon
movieId: CBt10  actor: Jimmy Witherspoon
movieId: CBt15  actor: Allison Jones
movieId: CBt15  actor: Carl Lumbly
movieId: CBt15  actor: Beau Bridges
movieId: CBt15  actor: Lorraine Toussaint
movieId: CBt15  actor: Bill Cobbs
movieId: CBu8  actor: John Shea
movieId: CBu8  actor: Jenny Robertson
movieId: CBu10  actor: Rae Dawn Chong
movieId: CBu10  actor: C.Thomas Howell
movieId: CBu10  actor: s a
movieId: CBu12  actor: Anwar
movieId: CBu12  actor: Jenny Robertson
movieId: CBu12  actor: Michael Schoefling
movieId: CBw9  actor: Rudolph Valentino
movieId: CBw9  actor: Vilma Banky
movieId: CBw9  actor: Louise Dresser
movieId: CBw12  actor: Greta Garbo
movieId: CBw12  actor: John Gilbert
movieId: CBw12  actor: Lars Hanson
movieId: CBw12  actor: Marc McDermott
movieId: CBw12  actor: Barbara Kent
movieId: CBw15  actor: Greta Garbo
movieId: CBw15  actor: John Gilbert
movieId: CBw15  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: CBw15  actor: John Mack Brown
movieId: CBw15  actor: Douglas Fairbanks~jr
movieId: CBw15  actor: Hobart Bosworth
movieId: CBw17  actor: Greta Garbo
movieId: CBw17  actor: Charles Bickford
movieId: CBw17  actor: George F. Marion
movieId: CBw17  actor: Marie Dressler
movieId: CBw17  actor: James T. Mack
movieId: CBw17  actor: Lee Phelps
movieId: CBw18  actor: Greta Garba
movieId: CBw18  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: CBw18  actor: Gavin Gordon
movieId: CBw18  actor: Elliott Nugent
movieId: CBw18  actor: Clara Blandick
movieId: CBw18  actor: Florence Lake
movieId: CBw18  actor: Henry Armetta
movieId: CBw19  actor: Greta Garbo
movieId: CBw19  actor: Robert Montgomery
movieId: CBw19  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: CBw19  actor: Marjorie Rambeau
movieId: CBw19  actor: Beryl Mercer
movieId: CBw19  actor: John Miljan
movieId: CBw22  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: CBw22  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: CBw22  actor: Wallace Ford
movieId: CBw22  actor: Skeets Gallagher
movieId: CBw22  actor: Frank Conroy
movieId: CBw22  actor: Marjorie White
movieId: CBw22  actor: John Miljan
movieId: CBw27  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: CBw27  actor: Gene Raymond
movieId: CBw27  actor: Edward Arnold
movieId: CBw27  actor: Franchot Tone
movieId: CBw28  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: CBw28  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: CBw28  actor: Otto Kruger
movieId: CBw29  actor: Greta Garbo
movieId: CBw29  actor: Fredric March
movieId: CBw29  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: CBw29  actor: Freddie Bartholomew
movieId: CBw29  actor: Maureen OSullivan
movieId: CBw29  actor: May Robson
movieId: CBw29  actor: Reginald Owen
movieId: CBw29  actor: Reginald Denny
movieId: CBw31  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: CBw31  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: CBw31  actor: Franchot Tone
movieId: CBw31  actor: Melvyn Douglas
movieId: CBw31  actor: Robert Taylor
movieId: CBw31  actor: James Stewart
movieId: CBw31  actor: Alison Skipworth
movieId: CBw31  actor: Louis Calhern
movieId: CBw31  actor: Beulah Bondi
movieId: CBw31  actor: Melville Cooper
movieId: CBw31  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: CBw31  actor: Gene Lockhart
movieId: CBw32  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: CBw32  actor: Jean Harlow
movieId: CBw32  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: CBw33  actor: Greta Garbo
movieId: CBw33  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: CBw33  actor: Reginald Owen
movieId: CBw33  actor: Alan Marshal
movieId: CBw33  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: CBw33  actor: May Whitty
movieId: CBw33  actor: Leif Erickson
movieId: CBw33  actor: Maria Ouspenskaya
movieId: CBw35  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: CBw35  actor: Norma Shearer
movieId: CBw35  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: CBw35  actor: Edward Arnold
movieId: CBw35  actor: Charles Coburn
movieId: CBw35  actor: Joseph Schildkraut
movieId: CBw36  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: CBw36  actor: George Brent
movieId: CBw36  actor: Tyrone Power
movieId: CBw36  actor: Brenda Joyce
movieId: CBw36  actor: Maria Ouspenskaya
movieId: CBw36  actor: Joseph Schildkraut
movieId: CBw36  actor: H.B. Warner
movieId: CBw36  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: CBw36  actor: Mary Nash
movieId: CBw36  actor: Jane Darwell
movieId: CBw36  actor: Marjorie Rambeau
movieId: CBw36  actor: Henry Travers
movieId: CBw37  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: CBw37  actor: Rita Johnson
movieId: CBw37  actor: Lynne Overman
movieId: CBw37  actor: Charles Coburn
movieId: CBw37  actor: Gene Lockhart
movieId: CBw37  actor: Henry Travers
movieId: CBw37  actor: Felix Bressart
movieId: CBw38  actor: James Stewart
movieId: CBw38  actor: Hedy Lamarr
movieId: CBw38  actor: Ian Hunter
movieId: CBw38  actor: Veree Teasdale
movieId: CBw38  actor: Donald Meek
movieId: CBw38  actor: Barton McLane
movieId: CBw38  actor: Adeline deWalt Reynolds
movieId: CBw41  actor: Irene Dunne
movieId: CBw41  actor: Alan Marshall
movieId: CBw41  actor: Gladys Cooper
movieId: CBw41  actor: May Whitty
movieId: CBw41  actor: Frank Morgan
movieId: CBw41  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: CBw41  actor: Peter Lawford
movieId: CBw41  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: CBw41  actor: June Lockhart
movieId: CBw41  actor: Van Johnson
movieId: CBw41  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: CBw41  actor: John Warburton
movieId: CBw41  actor: Jill Esmond
movieId: CBw41  actor: Brenda Forbes
movieId: CBw41  actor: Norma Varden
movieId: CBw41  actor: Tom Drake
movieId: CBw42  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: CBw42  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: CBw42  actor: Anne Revere
movieId: CBw42  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: CBw42  actor: Angela Lansbury
movieId: CBw42  actor: Jackie Jenkins
movieId: CBw42  actor: Reginald Owen
movieId: CBw42  actor: Terry Kilburn
movieId: CBw42  actor: Norma Varden
movieId: CBw42  actor: Alex Craig
movieId: CBw42  actor: Arthur Shields
movieId: CBw42  actor: Dennis Hoey
movieId: CBw43  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: CBw43  actor: Jane Wyman
movieId: CBw43  actor: Claude Jarman~jr.
movieId: CBw45  actor: Juano Hernandez
movieId: CBw45  actor: Claude Jarman~jr
movieId: CBw45  actor: David Brina
movieId: CBw45  actor: Porter Hall
movieId: CBw45  actor: Elizabeth Patterson
movieId: CBw45  actor: Will Geer
movieId: CBw45  actor: Charles Kemper
movieId: CBw48  actor: Paul Douglas
movieId: CBw48  actor: Janet Leigh
movieId: CBw48  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: CBw48  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: CBw48  actor: Donna Corcoran
movieId: CBw48  actor: Spring Byington
movieId: CBw48  actor: Bruce Bennett
movieId: CBx10  actor: Carl Weathers
movieId: CBx10  actor: Craig T. Nelson
movieId: CBx10  actor: Sharon Stone
movieId: CBx10  actor: Vanity
movieId: CBy10  actor: Alla Nazimova
movieId: CBy10  actor: Earl Schevk
movieId: CC43  actor: Charlie Chaplin
movieId: CC43  actor: Edna Purviance
movieId: CC43  actor: Bud Jamieson
movieId: CC43  actor: Leo White
movieId: CC43  actor: Lloyd Bacon
movieId: CC60  actor: Charlie Chaplin
movieId: CC62  actor: Charlie Chaplin
movieId: CC62  actor: Edna Purviance
movieId: CC62  actor: Albert Austin
movieId: CC62  actor: Henry Bergman
movieId: CC62  actor: Eric Campbell
movieId: CC64  actor: Charlie Chaplin
movieId: CC64  actor: Edna Purviance
movieId: CC66  actor: Charles Chaplin
movieId: CC66  actor: Scraps
movieId: CC66  actor: Edna Purviance
movieId: CC66  actor: Chuck Riesner
movieId: CC66  actor: Henry Bergman
movieId: CC66  actor: Albert Austin
movieId: CC68  actor: Charlie Chaplin
movieId: CC70  actor: Charlie Chaplin
movieId: CC70  actor: Jackie Coogan
movieId: CC70  actor: Edna Purviance
movieId: CC73  actor: Charlie Chaplin
movieId: CC73  actor: Georgia Hale
movieId: CC73  actor: Mack Swain
movieId: CC73  actor: Tom Murray
movieId: CC75  actor: Charlie Chaplin
movieId: CC75  actor: Allan Garcia
movieId: CC75  actor: Merna Kennedy
movieId: CC75  actor: Harry Crocker
movieId: CC76  actor: Charlie Chaplin
movieId: CC76  actor: Virginia Cherrill
movieId: CC76  actor: Harry Myers
movieId: CC77  actor: Charlie Chaplin
movieId: CC77  actor: Paulette Goddard
movieId: CC77  actor: Henry Bergman
movieId: CC77  actor: Chester Conklin
movieId: CC77  actor: Tiny Sandford
movieId: CC77  actor: Hank Mann
movieId: CC77  actor: Gloria deHavilland
movieId: CC78  actor: Charlie Chaplin
movieId: CC78  actor: Paulette Goddard
movieId: CC78  actor: Jack Oakie
movieId: CC78  actor: Reginald Gardiner
movieId: CC78  actor: Henry Daniell
movieId: CC78  actor: Billy Gilbert
movieId: CC78  actor: Hank Mann
movieId: CC79  actor: Charlie Chaplin
movieId: CC79  actor: Georgia Hale
movieId: CC79  actor: Mack Swain
movieId: CC79  actor: Tom Murray
movieId: CC80  actor: Charlie Chaplin
movieId: CC80  actor: Martha Ray
movieId: CC80  actor: Charlie Chaplin
movieId: CC80  actor: Claire Bloom
movieId: CC80  actor: Melissa Hayden
movieId: CC80  actor: Sydney Chaplin
movieId: CC80  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: CC80  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: CC82  actor: Charlie Chaplin
movieId: CC83  actor: Charlie Chaplin
movieId: CC83  actor: Tippi Hedren
movieId: CCa10  actor: Manuel Colao
movieId: CCa10  actor: s a
movieId: CCa10  actor: s a
movieId: CCa10  actor: s a
movieId: CCa10  actor: s a
movieId: CCa10  actor: s a
movieId: CCa13  actor: Matthew Modine
movieId: CCa13  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: CCa13  actor: Comet
movieId: CCa13  actor: Nancy Travis
movieId: CCa13  actor: Max Pomeranz
movieId: CCa13  actor: Don Perlman
movieId: CCa13  actor: John Polito
movieId: CCa13  actor: Bob Cobbs
movieId: CCa13  actor: sa
movieId: CCa13  actor: sa
movieId: CCa13  actor: Bill Paxton
movieId: CCb10  actor: Dick Foran
movieId: CCb10  actor: Wallace Ford
movieId: CCb10  actor: George Zucco
movieId: CCb10  actor: Cecil Kellaway
movieId: CCb10  actor: Peggy Moran
movieId: CCb10  actor: Tom Tyler
movieId: CCb10  actor: Eduardo Cianelli
movieId: CCG1  actor: Catherine Allegret
movieId: CCG1  actor: Simone Signoret
movieId: CCG1  actor: Yves Montand
movieId: CCG3  actor: Jean-Louis Trintigant
movieId: CCG3  actor: Jacques P\'errin
movieId: CCG3  actor: Yves Montand
movieId: CCG3  actor: Francois P\erier
movieId: CCG3  actor: Irene Papas
movieId: CCG3  actor: Charles Denner
movieId: CCG4  actor: Yves Montand
movieId: CCG4  actor: Simone Signoret
movieId: CCG4  actor: Gabriele Ferzetti
movieId: CCG4  actor: Jean Bouise
movieId: CCG4  actor: Michel Vitold
movieId: CCG7  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: CCG7  actor: Sissy Spacek
movieId: CCG7  actor: Melanie Mayron
movieId: CCG7  actor: John Shea
movieId: CCG7  actor: Charles Cioffi
movieId: CCG7  actor: Richard Venture
movieId: CCG7  actor: Richard Bradford
movieId: CCG8  actor: Jill Clayburgh
movieId: CCG8  actor: Jez Yzad
movieId: CCG8  actor: s a
movieId: CCG8  actor: Gabriel Byunel
movieId: CCG10  actor: Debra Winger
movieId: CCG10  actor: Tom Berenger
movieId: CCG10  actor: John Heard
movieId: CCG10  actor: Betsy Blair
movieId: CCG10  actor: John Mahoney
movieId: CCG10  actor: Ted Levine
movieId: CCG10  actor: Albert Hall
movieId: CCG10  actor: Robert Swan
movieId: CCG10  actor: Maria Valdez
movieId: CCG10  actor: s a
movieId: CCG15  actor: Jessica Lange
movieId: CCG15  actor: Armin MuellerStahl
movieId: CCG15  actor: Frederic Forrest
movieId: CCG15  actor: Lukas Haas
movieId: CCG15  actor: Donald Moffatt
movieId: CCG15  actor: Michael Rooker
movieId: CCG15  actor: Sol Frieder
movieId: CCG15  actor: Elzbieta Czyzewska
movieId: CCG24  actor: John Travolta
movieId: CCG24  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: CCG24  actor: Alan Alda
movieId: CCG24  actor: Mia Kirshner
movieId: CCG24  actor: s a
movieId: CCG24  actor: William Atherton
movieId: CCG24  actor: Russ Barry
movieId: CCG24  actor: Ted Levine
movieId: CCG24  actor: Robert Protsky
movieId: CCo1  actor: Bradley Whitford
movieId: CCo3  actor: Macaulay Culkin
movieId: CCo3  actor: Joe Pesci
movieId: CCo3  actor: Daniel Stern
movieId: CCo3  actor: s a
movieId: CCo3  actor: s a
movieId: CCo4  actor: John Candy
movieId: CCo4  actor: Ally Sheedy
movieId: CCo4  actor: Maureen OHara
movieId: CCo5  actor: Macaulay Culkin
movieId: CCo5  actor: Joe Pesci
movieId: CCo5  actor: Daniel Stern
movieId: CCo5  actor: John Heard
movieId: CCo5  actor: Catherine OHara
movieId: CCo5  actor: Devin Ratray
movieId: CCo5  actor: Tom Curry
movieId: CCo5  actor: Dana Ivey
movieId: CCo5  actor: Brenda Fricker
movieId: CCo5  actor: s a
movieId: CCo6  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: CCo6  actor: Sally Field
movieId: CCo6  actor: Pierce Brosnan
movieId: CCo6  actor: Harvey Fierstein
movieId: CCo6  actor: Robert Prosky
movieId: CCo6  actor: Polly Hollyday
movieId: CCo6  actor: Scott Capurro
movieId: CCo6  actor: Lisa Jacub
movieId: CCo6  actor: s a
movieId: CCo6  actor: Renee La Plante
movieId: CCo10  actor: Alex Lynn
movieId: CCo11  actor: Ed Harris
movieId: CCo11  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: CCo11  actor: Julia Roberts
movieId: CCo11  actor: s a
movieId: CCo12  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: CCo12  actor: Sam Neil
movieId: CCo12  actor: Wendy Crewson
movieId: CCo12  actor: Angela Landis
movieId: CCo12  actor: Hallie Kete Eisenberg
movieId: CCo12  actor: Embeth Davidtz
movieId: CCo12  actor: Oliver Platt
movieId: CCo12  actor: Embeth Daviftz
movieId: CCo14  actor: Daniel Radcliffe
movieId: CCo14  actor: Emma Watson
movieId: CCo14  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: CCo14  actor: Maggie Smith
movieId: CCo14  actor: Rupert Grint
movieId: CCo14  actor: John Cleese
movieId: CCo14  actor: Fiona Shaw
movieId: CCo14  actor: Julie Walters
movieId: CCo14  actor: John Cleese
movieId: CCo14  actor: Richard Griffiths
movieId: CCo14  actor: Alan Rickman
movieId: CCo14  actor: Ian Hart
movieId: CCo14  actor: Tom Felton
movieId: CCo14  actor: Robbie Coltrane
movieId: CCo14  actor: John Hurt
movieId: CCo14  actor: sa
movieId: CCo14  actor: sa
movieId: CCr10  actor: William Dafoe
movieId: CCr10  actor: Gregory Hines
movieId: CCr10  actor: Fred Ward
movieId: CCr10  actor: Amanda Pays
movieId: CCr10  actor: Keith David
movieId: CCr10  actor: Kay Tong Lim
movieId: CCr10  actor: Scott Glen
movieId: CCr10  actor: Paul Alan Grier
movieId: CCr10  actor: Richard Brok
movieId: CCr10  actor: Thuy Ann Lun
movieId: CCr10  actor: Raymond OConnor
movieId: CCr12  actor: Annabelle Sciorra
movieId: CCr12  actor: Jamey Sheridan
movieId: CCr12  actor: Deborah Unger
movieId: CCr12  actor: Alan Alda
movieId: CCr12  actor: Anthony LaPaglia
movieId: CCr12  actor: Jill Clayburgh
movieId: CCr12  actor: Anthony Heald
movieId: CCr12  actor: John Leguixamo
movieId: CCr12  actor: Jaqueline Brookes
movieId: CCw2  actor: Campbell Scott
movieId: CCw2  actor: Kyra Sedgewick
movieId: CCw2  actor: Matt Dillon
movieId: CCw2  actor: Bridget Fonda
movieId: CCw2  actor: Camilo Gallardo
movieId: CCw2  actor: Sheila Kelly
movieId: CCw2  actor: James leGros
movieId: CCw2  actor: Jim True
movieId: CCw2  actor: Bill Pullman
movieId: CCw2  actor: Devon Raymond
movieId: CCw2  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: CCw2  actor: Jeremy Piven
movieId: CCw2  actor: Tom Skerritt
movieId: CCw2  actor: Wayne Coot
movieId: CCw2  actor: Xavier McDaniel
movieId: CCw5  actor: Tom Cruise
movieId: CCw5  actor: Renee Zellweger
movieId: CCw5  actor: Cuba Gooding~jr.
movieId: CCw5  actor: Kelly Preston
movieId: CCw5  actor: Regina King
movieId: CCw5  actor: Jerry OConnell
movieId: CCw5  actor: Jay Mohr
movieId: CCw5  actor: Bonnie Hunt
movieId: CCw5  actor: Leigh Steinberg
movieId: CCw10  actor: Tom Cruise
movieId: CCw10  actor: Cameron Diaz
movieId: CCw10  actor: Pen\'elope Cruise
movieId: CCw10  actor: Jason Lee
movieId: CCw10  actor: Kurt Russell
movieId: CD8  actor: Peter OToole
movieId: CD8  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: CD8  actor: Paula Prentiss
movieId: CD8  actor: Romy Schneider
movieId: CD8  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: CD8  actor: Capucine
movieId: CD8  actor: Ursula Andress
movieId: CD8  actor: Louise Lasser
movieId: CD8  actor: Richard Burton
movieId: CD8  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: CD11  actor: Peter Falk
movieId: CD11  actor: Elaine May
movieId: CD11  actor: Nina Wayne
movieId: CD11  actor: Eddie Mayehoff
movieId: CD20  actor: David Niven
movieId: CD20  actor: Linda Hayden
movieId: CD20  actor: Teresa Graves
movieId: CD20  actor: Veronica Carlson
movieId: CD20  actor: Freddie Jones
movieId: CD22  actor: David Niven
movieId: CD22  actor: Teresa Graves
movieId: CD22  actor: Peter Bayliss
movieId: CD22  actor: Jennie Linden
movieId: CD22  actor: Linda Hayden
movieId: CD22  actor: Nicky Henson
movieId: CD22  actor: Bernard Breslaw
movieId: CD22  actor: Veronica Carlson
movieId: CD28  actor: Kabir Bedi
movieId: CD28  actor: Peter Ustinov
movieId: CD28  actor: Terence Stamp
movieId: CD28  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: CD29  actor: Peter Ustinov
movieId: CD29  actor: Angie Dickenson
movieId: CD29  actor: Richard Hatch
movieId: CD29  actor: Brian Keith
movieId: CD29  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: CD29  actor: Rachel Roberts
movieId: CD29  actor: Lee Grant
movieId: CD29  actor: Johnny Sekka
movieId: CD29  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: CD33  actor: George C. Scott
movieId: CD33  actor: David Warner
movieId: CD33  actor: Frank Finlay
movieId: CD33  actor: Edward Woodward
movieId: CD33  actor: Angela Pleasance
movieId: CD33  actor: Michael Carter
movieId: CDe10  actor: Griffin ONeal
movieId: CDe10  actor: Raul Julia
movieId: CDe10  actor: Teri Garr
movieId: CDe10  actor: Joan Hackett
movieId: CDe10  actor: Gabriel Dell
movieId: CDe10  actor: Desi Arnaz
movieId: CdG1  actor: Johnny Weissmuller
movieId: CdG1  actor: Maureen OSullivan
movieId: CdG1  actor: Neil Hamilton
movieId: CdG1  actor: Paul Cavanagh
movieId: CdG1  actor: Forrester Harvey
movieId: CDM1  actor: Dustin Farnum
movieId: CDM1  actor: Red Wing
movieId: CDM1  actor: Monroe Salisbury
movieId: CDM1  actor: Winifred Kingston
movieId: CDM1  actor: Billy Elmer
movieId: CDM1  actor: Dick LaStrange
movieId: CDM3  actor: Dustin Farnum
movieId: CDM3  actor: J.W. Johnston
movieId: CDM3  actor: Sidney Deane
movieId: CDM3  actor: Billy Elmer
movieId: CDM3  actor: Winifred Kingston
movieId: CDM3  actor: Tex Driscoll
movieId: CDM6  actor: Bessie Barrisdale
movieId: CDM7  actor: H.B. Warner
movieId: CDM8  actor: Robert Edeson
movieId: CDM9  actor: Mabel vanBuren
movieId: CDM9  actor: Theodore Roberts
movieId: CDM9  actor: House Peters
movieId: CDM9  actor: Anita King
movieId: CDM9  actor: Raymond Hatton
movieId: CDM9  actor: Dick LaStrange
movieId: CDM10  actor: Ina Claire
movieId: CDM11  actor: Blanche Sweet
movieId: CDM12  actor: Edgar Selwyn
movieId: CDM13  actor: Marguerite Clark
movieId: CDM15  actor: Geraldine Farrar
movieId: CDM15  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: CDM16  actor: Geraldine Farrar
movieId: CDM17  actor: Blanche Sweet
movieId: CDM17  actor: House Peters
movieId: CDM17  actor: Gerald Ward
movieId: CDM17  actor: Page Peters
movieId: CDM17  actor: Theodore Roberts
movieId: CDM17  actor: Jeanie McPherson
movieId: CDM17  actor: Marjorie Daw
movieId: CDM18  actor: Fannie Ward
movieId: CDM18  actor: Sessue Hayakawa
movieId: CDM18  actor: Jack Dean
movieId: CDM18  actor: James Neill
movieId: CDM18  actor: Utaka Abe
movieId: CDM18  actor: Dana Ong
movieId: CDM22  actor: Geraldine Farrar
movieId: CDM32  actor: Elliott Dexter
movieId: CDM32  actor: Thurstom Kall
movieId: CDM32  actor: Katherine MacDowall
movieId: CDM32  actor: Jack Holt
movieId: CDM32  actor: Naoh Beery
movieId: CDM32  actor: Tully Marshall
movieId: CDM32  actor: Herbert Shaw
movieId: CDM32  actor: Ann Little
movieId: CDM32  actor: Theodore Roberts
movieId: CDM40  actor: Wallace Reid
movieId: CDM40  actor: Gloria Swanson
movieId: CDM40  actor: Wanda Hawley
movieId: CDM40  actor: Elliott Dexter
movieId: CDM40  actor: Bebe Daniels
movieId: CDM40  actor: Agnes Ayres
movieId: CDM40  actor: Theodore Roberts
movieId: CDM40  actor: Monte Blue
movieId: CDM45  actor: Theodore Roberts
movieId: CDM45  actor: Charles deRoche
movieId: CDM51  actor: H.B. Warner
movieId: CDM51  actor: Jaqueline Logan
movieId: CDM51  actor: Joseph Schildkraut
movieId: CDM51  actor: Ernest Torrence
movieId: CDM51  actor: Victor Varconi
movieId: CDM51  actor: Dorothy Cumming
movieId: CDM51  actor: Rudolph Schildkraut
movieId: CDM51  actor: Sally Rand
movieId: CDM51  actor: Rita Gams
movieId: CDM52  actor: Reginald Denny
movieId: CDM52  actor: Lillian Roth
movieId: CDM52  actor: Kay Johnson
movieId: CDM52  actor: Roland Young
movieId: CDM52  actor: Marthe Sleeper
movieId: CDM54  actor: Lina Banquette
movieId: CDM54  actor: George Duryea
movieId: CDM54  actor: Marie Prevost
movieId: CDM56  actor: Fredric March
movieId: CDM56  actor: Elissa Landi
movieId: CDM56  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: CDM56  actor: Claudette Colbert
movieId: CDM56  actor: Ian Keith
movieId: CDM56  actor: Harry Beresford
movieId: CDM56  actor: Arthur Hohl
movieId: CDM56  actor: Nat Pendleton
movieId: CDM59  actor: Claudette Colbert
movieId: CDM59  actor: Henry Wilcoxson
movieId: CDM59  actor: Warren William
movieId: CDM59  actor: Gertrude Michael
movieId: CDM59  actor: Joseph Schildkraut
movieId: CDM59  actor: Ian Keith
movieId: CDM59  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: CDM59  actor: Leonard Mudie
movieId: CDM59  actor: Irving Pichel
movieId: CDM59  actor: Arthur Hohl
movieId: CDM60  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: CDM64  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: CDM64  actor: Jean Arthur
movieId: CDM64  actor: Charles Bickford
movieId: CDM64  actor: John Ellison
movieId: CDM64  actor: s a
movieId: CDM64  actor: s a
movieId: CDM64  actor: Paul Harvey
movieId: CDM64  actor: Hank Worden
movieId: CDM64  actor: Frank McGlynn
movieId: CDM68  actor: Fredric March
movieId: CDM73  actor: Barbara Stanwyck
movieId: CDM73  actor: Joel McCrea
movieId: CDM73  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: CDM73  actor: Robert Preston
movieId: CDM73  actor: Lynne Overman
movieId: CDM73  actor: Brian Donlevy
movieId: CDM73  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: CDM73  actor: Stanley Ridges
movieId: CDM73  actor: Kenry Kolker
movieId: CDM73  actor: Evelyn Keyes
movieId: CDM73  actor: Regis Toomey
movieId: CDM75  actor: John Wayne
movieId: CDM75  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: CDM75  actor: Paulette Goddard
movieId: CDM77  actor: Paulette Goddard
movieId: CDM77  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: CDM77  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: CDM77  actor: Howard daSilva
movieId: CDM77  actor: Cecil Kellaway
movieId: CDM77  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: CDM77  actor: Katherine deMille
movieId: CDM77  actor: Henry Wilcoxon
movieId: CDM77  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: CDM77  actor: Victor Varconi
movieId: CDM77  actor: Virginia Grey
movieId: CDM77  actor: Porter Hall
movieId: CDM77  actor: Mike Mazurki
movieId: CDM78  actor: Victor Mature
movieId: CDM78  actor: Hedy Lamarr
movieId: CDM78  actor: George Sanders
movieId: CDM78  actor: Henry Wilcoxon
movieId: CDM78  actor: Angela Lansbury
movieId: CDM78  actor: s a
movieId: CDM78  actor: s a
movieId: CDM78  actor: s a
movieId: CDM78  actor: Russ Tamblyn
movieId: CDM79  actor: Betty Hutton
movieId: CDM79  actor: Cornel Wilde
movieId: CDM79  actor: Gloria Grahame
movieId: CDM79  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: CDM79  actor: James Stewart
movieId: CDM79  actor: Dorothy Lamour
movieId: CDM79  actor: Emmett Kelly
movieId: CDM79  actor: Lyle Bettger
movieId: CDM79  actor: Henry Wilcoxon
movieId: CDM79  actor: John Ringling North
movieId: CDM79  actor: Lawrence Tierney
movieId: CDM80  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: CDM80  actor: Yul Brynner
movieId: CDM80  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: CDM80  actor: Anne Baxter
movieId: CDM80  actor: Nina Foch
movieId: CDM80  actor: Yvonne deCarlo
movieId: CDM80  actor: John Derek
movieId: CDM80  actor: H.B. Warner
movieId: CDM80  actor: Henry Wilcoxon
movieId: CDM80  actor: Telly Savales
movieId: CDM80  actor: Judith Anderson
movieId: CDM80  actor: John Carradine
movieId: CDM80  actor: Douglass Dumbrille
movieId: CDM80  actor: Cedric Hardwicke
movieId: CDM80  actor: Martha Scott
movieId: CDM80  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: CDM80  actor: Debra Paget
movieId: CDM80  actor: s a
movieId: CDN10  actor: Gabi Just
movieId: CDr9  actor: Maria Falconetti
movieId: CDr9  actor: Silvain
movieId: CDr9  actor: Michel Simon
movieId: CDr9  actor: Antonin Artaud
movieId: CDr9  actor: s a
movieId: CDr10  actor: Julian West
movieId: CDr10  actor: Henriette Gerard
movieId: CDr10  actor: Rena Mandel
movieId: CDr10  actor: Jan Hieronimko
movieId: CDr10  actor: Maurice Schutz
movieId: CDr10  actor: Sybille Schmitz
movieId: CDr10  actor: Albrecht Bras
movieId: CDr10  actor: Nina Babanini
movieId: CDr10  actor: s a
movieId: CDr10  actor: s a
movieId: CDr30  actor: Lisbeth Movin
movieId: CDr30  actor: Thorkild Roose
movieId: CDr30  actor: Anna Svierkier
movieId: CDr30  actor: Preben Lerdoff Rye
movieId: CDr30  actor: Sigrid Neiiendam
movieId: CDu10  actor: Cheryl Dunye
movieId: CDu10  actor: s a
movieId: CDv10  actor: Francis Frappat
movieId: CDv10  actor: Jacques Martial
movieId: CEa1  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: CEa1  actor: Jessica Walter
movieId: CEa1  actor: Donna Mills
movieId: CEa1  actor: Don Siegel
movieId: CEa2  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: CEa2  actor: Verna Bloom
movieId: CEa2  actor: Mariana Hill
movieId: CEa3  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: CEa3  actor: Chief Dan George
movieId: CEa3  actor: Sondra Locke
movieId: CEa3  actor: Bill McKinney
movieId: CEa3  actor: John Vernon
movieId: CEa3  actor: Paula Trueman
movieId: CEa3  actor: Sam Bottoms
movieId: CEa3  actor: Geraldine Keame
movieId: CEa3  actor: Woodrow Parfey
movieId: CEa3  actor: Royal Dano
movieId: CEa4  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: CEa4  actor: Sondra Locke
movieId: CEa4  actor: Pat Hingle
movieId: CEa4  actor: William Prince
movieId: CEa5  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: CEa5  actor: Sandra Locke
movieId: CEa5  actor: Beverlee McKinsey
movieId: CEa5  actor: Geoffrey Lewis
movieId: CEa5  actor: Woodrow Parfrey
movieId: CEa5  actor: Scatman Crothers
movieId: CEa5  actor: Scatman Crothers
movieId: CEa5  actor: Bill McKinney
movieId: CEa5  actor: Sam Bottoms
movieId: CEa5  actor: sa
movieId: CEa5  actor: Dan Vadis
movieId: CEa5  actor: Sierra Pecheur
movieId: CEa5  actor: Walter Barnes
movieId: CEa5  actor: Merle Haggard
movieId: CEa5  actor: sa
movieId: CEa6  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: CEa6  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: CEa6  actor: Vonetta McGee
movieId: CEa6  actor: Dan Howard
movieId: CEa7  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: CEa7  actor: Freddie Jones
movieId: CEa7  actor: s a
movieId: CEa7  actor: Warren Clarke
movieId: CEa7  actor: Ronald Lacey
movieId: CEa7  actor: Wolf Kahn
movieId: CEa7  actor: Warren Cosell
movieId: CEa8  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: CEa8  actor: Kyle Eastwood
movieId: CEa8  actor: John McIntire
movieId: CEa8  actor: Alexa Kenin
movieId: CEa9  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: CEa9  actor: Sondra Locke
movieId: CEa9  actor: Pat Hingle
movieId: CEa9  actor: Bradford Dillman
movieId: CEa9  actor: Paul Drake
movieId: CEa9  actor: Audrie J. Neenan
movieId: CEa9  actor: Jack Thibeau
movieId: CEa9  actor: Michael Currie
movieId: CEa9  actor: Albert Popwell
movieId: CEa9  actor: Mark Keyloun
movieId: CEa11  actor: s a
movieId: CEa12  actor: Forest Whitaker
movieId: CEa12  actor: Diane Venora
movieId: CEa12  actor: Michael Zelniker
movieId: CEa12  actor: Samuel L. Wright
movieId: CEa13  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: CEa13  actor: Bernadette Peters
movieId: CEa14  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: CEa14  actor: Jeff Fahey
movieId: CEa15  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: CEa15  actor: Charlie Sheen
movieId: CEa15  actor: Raul Julia
movieId: CEa15  actor: Sonia Braga
movieId: CEa15  actor: Tom Skerritt
movieId: CEa15  actor: Lara Flynn Boyle
movieId: CEa15  actor: Donna Mitchell
movieId: CEa15  actor: Pepe Senna
movieId: CEa15  actor: Marco Rodriguez
movieId: CEa15  actor: Tony Plana
movieId: CEa16  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: CEa16  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: CEa16  actor: Morgan Freeman
movieId: CEa16  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: CEa16  actor: Frances Fisher
movieId: CEa16  actor: Saul Rubinek
movieId: CEa16  actor: Anna Thomson
movieId: CEa16  actor: Jaimz Woolvett
movieId: CEa17  actor: Kevin Costner
movieId: CEa17  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: CEa17  actor: Keith Szarabajka
movieId: CEa17  actor: T.J. Lowther
movieId: CEa17  actor: s a
movieId: CEa17  actor: Laura Dern
movieId: CEa18  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: CEa18  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: CEa18  actor: Jim Haynie
movieId: CEa18  actor: Annie Corley
movieId: CEa18  actor: Victor Slezak
movieId: CEa18  actor: s a
movieId: CEa18  actor: s a
movieId: CEa18  actor: sa
movieId: CEa19  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: CEa19  actor: Melora Hardin
movieId: CEa19  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: CEa19  actor: Ed Harris
movieId: CEa19  actor: Laura Linney
movieId: CEa19  actor: Scott Glenn
movieId: CEa19  actor: Dennis Haysbert
movieId: CEa19  actor: Judy Davis
movieId: CEa19  actor: E.G. Marshall
movieId: CEa19  actor: Alison Eastwood
movieId: CEa19  actor: Kimber Eastwood
movieId: CEa20  actor: Kevin Spacey
movieId: CEa20  actor: John Cusack
movieId: CEa20  actor: s a
movieId: CEa20  actor: Alison Eastwood
movieId: CEa20  actor: Irma P. Hall
movieId: CEa20  actor: Lady Chablis
movieId: CEa20  actor: Jack Thompson
movieId: CEa20  actor: s a
movieId: CEa21  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: CEa21  actor: Isaiah Washington
movieId: CEa21  actor: Lisa Gay Hamilton
movieId: CEa21  actor: Diane Venora
movieId: CEa21  actor: Denis Leary
movieId: CEa21  actor: James Wood
movieId: CEa21  actor: Frances Farmer
movieId: CEa21  actor: Francesca FarmerEastwood
movieId: CEa21  actor: Dina Ruiz
movieId: CEd10  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: CEd10  actor: Sarah Pickering
movieId: CEd10  actor: Cyril Cusack
movieId: CEd10  actor: Amelda Brown
movieId: CEd10  actor: Derek Jacobi
movieId: CEd10  actor: Joan Greenwood
movieId: CEd10  actor: Max Wall
movieId: CEd10  actor: Roshan Seth
movieId: CEd10  actor: Paul Rhys
movieId: CEd20  actor: Emma Croft
movieId: CEd20  actor: Don Henderson
movieId: CEd20  actor: Cyril Cusack
movieId: CEd20  actor: James Fox
movieId: CEd20  actor: Miriam Margolyes
movieId: CEd20  actor: Andrew Tiernan
movieId: CfO10  actor: Olinka Beruva
movieId: CfO10  actor: John Richardson
movieId: CfO10  actor: Edward Judd
movieId: CfO20  actor: Sandahl Bergman
movieId: CFr10  actor: Marian Spencer
movieId: CFr10  actor: Russell Enoch
movieId: CFr10  actor: Ruth Dunning
movieId: CFr10  actor: Harold Warrender
movieId: CFr10  actor: Elsy Abiin
movieId: CGi10  actor: Bernard Blier
movieId: CGi10  actor: Catherine Alric
movieId: CGl10  actor: Lyda Borelli
movieId: CGl10  actor: Lamberto Picasso
movieId: CGl10  actor: Ugo Piperno
movieId: CGl10  actor: Wanda Capodaglia
movieId: CGl10  actor: Ruggero Capodaglia
movieId: CGl25  actor: Lyda Borelli
movieId: CGl35  actor: Soava Gallone
movieId: CGl35  actor: Bruno Emanuel Palmi
movieId: CGl35  actor: Mina dOrvella
movieId: CGl35  actor: Mario Cusmich
movieId: CGl115  actor: Giovanna Ralli
movieId: CGl115  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: CGo10  actor: Marlene Jobert
movieId: CGo15  actor: Isabelle Huppert
movieId: CGr10  actor: Ron Howard
movieId: CGr10  actor: Christopher Norris
movieId: CGy10  actor: Tom Conti
movieId: CHa10  actor: Tom Cruise
movieId: CHa10  actor: John Stockwell
movieId: CHa10  actor: Shelley Long
movieId: CHa10  actor: Jackie Earle Haley
movieId: CHa18  actor: David Duchovny
movieId: CHa20  actor: Rebecca deMornay
movieId: CHa20  actor: Madeline Zima
movieId: CHa20  actor: Annabelle Sciora
movieId: CHa20  actor: Matt McCoy
movieId: CHa20  actor: Ernie Hudson
movieId: CHa20  actor: s a
movieId: CHa20  actor: Julianne Moore
movieId: CHa25  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: CHa25  actor: Kevin Bacon
movieId: CHa25  actor: David Strathairn
movieId: CHa25  actor: Joseph Mazello
movieId: CHa25  actor: John C. Relly
movieId: CHa27  actor: Kim Basinger
movieId: CHa27  actor: Kevin Spacey
movieId: CHa27  actor: Danny deVito
movieId: CHa27  actor: Guy Pearce
movieId: CHa27  actor: Russell Crowe
movieId: CHa27  actor: James Cromwell
movieId: CHa27  actor: David Straithearn
movieId: CHa27  actor: s a
movieId: ChB9  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: ChB9  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: ChB9  actor: Charles Starrett
movieId: ChB9  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: ChB9  actor: Lawrence Grant
movieId: ChB9  actor: Jean Hersholt
movieId: ChB9  actor: Karen Morley
movieId: ChC4  actor: Alastair Sims
movieId: ChC4  actor: Jack Warner
movieId: ChC4  actor: Harry Fowler
movieId: ChC4  actor: Valerie White
movieId: ChC4  actor: Frederick Piper
movieId: ChC6  actor: Diana Dors
movieId: ChC7  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: ChC7  actor: Stanley Holloway
movieId: ChC7  actor: Margaret Fielding
movieId: ChC7  actor: Audrey Hepburn
movieId: ChC8  actor: Dirk Bogarde
movieId: ChC11  actor: Stanley Holloway
movieId: ChC11  actor: George Relph
movieId: ChC11  actor: Edie Martin
movieId: ChC11  actor: John Gregson
movieId: ChC11  actor: Godfrey Teale
movieId: ChC11  actor: Naunton Wayne
movieId: ChC11  actor: Gabrielle Brume
movieId: ChC11  actor: Hugh Griffith
movieId: ChC11  actor: Sidney James
movieId: ChC11  actor: Jack McGowran
movieId: ChC11  actor: Ewan Roberts
movieId: ChC11  actor: Reginald Beckwith
movieId: ChC13  actor: Petter Sellers
movieId: ChC13  actor: s a
movieId: ChC30  actor: John Cleese
movieId: ChC30  actor: Jaimie Lee Curtis
movieId: ChC30  actor: Kevin Kline
movieId: ChC30  actor: Michael Palin
movieId: ChC30  actor: Maria Aitkins
movieId: ChC30  actor: s a
movieId: ChD10  actor: Deanna Durbin
movieId: ChD10  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: ChD10  actor: Edward Everett Horton
movieId: ChD10  actor: George Couloris
movieId: ChD10  actor: Dan Durya
movieId: ChD10  actor: David Bruce
movieId: ChD10  actor: Patricia Morrison
movieId: ChE1  actor: Sidney Fox
movieId: ChE1  actor: O.P. Heggie
movieId: ChE1  actor: Henry Hull
movieId: ChE1  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: ChE1  actor: Margaret Weycherle
movieId: ChE2  actor: Claudette Colbert
movieId: ChE2  actor: Fred MacMurray
movieId: ChE2  actor: Marjorie Main
movieId: ChE2  actor: Percy Kilbride
movieId: ChE2  actor: Louise Allbritton
movieId: ChE2  actor: Richard Long
movieId: ChE2  actor: Billy House
movieId: ChE2  actor: Ida Moore
movieId: ChE2  actor: Donald McBride
movieId: ChF7  actor: John Mills
movieId: ChF7  actor: James Robertson Justice
movieId: ChF10  actor: Jack Hawkins
movieId: ChF10  actor: Stanley Baker
movieId: ChF10  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: ChG1  actor: Kevin Bacon
movieId: ChG1  actor: Emily Longstreet
movieId: ChG1  actor: J.T. Walsh
movieId: ChG1  actor: Teri Hatcher
movieId: ChG1  actor: Martin Short
movieId: ChG1  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: ChG1  actor: Eddie Albert
movieId: ChG1  actor: June Lockhart
movieId: ChG1  actor: John Cleese
movieId: ChG10  actor: Daryl Hannah
movieId: ChG10  actor: Daniel Baldwin
movieId: ChG10  actor: Christi Conaway
movieId: ChG10  actor: William Windom
movieId: ChG10  actor: Frances Fisher
movieId: ChG10  actor: ONeal Compton
movieId: ChG10  actor: Victoria Haas
movieId: ChG10  actor: Paul Benedict
movieId: ChG10  actor: s a
movieId: ChG10  actor: Kye Benson
movieId: ChG15  actor: Eugene Levy
movieId: ChG15  actor: Catherine OHara
movieId: ChG15  actor: Bob Balaban
movieId: ChG15  actor: Christopher Guest
movieId: ChG15  actor: Parker Posey
movieId: ChG15  actor: Fred Willard
movieId: ChG18  actor: Chris Farley
movieId: ChG18  actor: Matthew Perry
movieId: ChH3  actor: Mamie vanDoren
movieId: ChH3  actor: Mel Torme
movieId: ChH3  actor: Paul Anka
movieId: ChH3  actor: Ray Anthony
movieId: ChH3  actor: The Platters
movieId: ChH3  actor: Gloria talbot
movieId: ChH3  actor: Cathy Crosby
movieId: ChH3  actor: Gigi Perreau
movieId: ChH3  actor: Maggie Hayes
movieId: ChH3  actor: Sheila Graham
movieId: ChH3  actor: Charles Chaplin~jr.
movieId: ChH3  actor: Jim Mitchum
movieId: ChH10  actor: Inger Stevens
movieId: ChH10  actor: Christopher Dark
movieId: ChH10  actor: Dan OHerlihy
movieId: ChH10  actor: Peter Brown
movieId: ChH10  actor: Richard Jaeckel
movieId: ChH10  actor: Chris Robinson
movieId: CH5  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: CH5  actor: Hildegarde Neil
movieId: CH5  actor: Eric Porter
movieId: CH5  actor: John Castle
movieId: CH5  actor: Fernando Rey
movieId: CH5  actor: Freddie Jones
movieId: CH5  actor: Roger Delgado
movieId: CH5  actor: Jane Lapotaire
movieId: CH10  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: CH10  actor: Nick Mancuso
movieId: CH10  actor: Kim Basinger
movieId: CH10  actor: John Marley
movieId: ChN10  actor: James Cromwell
movieId: ChN10  actor: s a
movieId: ChJ12  actor: Viviane Romance
movieId: ChJ30  actor: Gerard Philipe
movieId: ChJ30  actor: Gina Lollobrigida
movieId: ChJ30  actor: Noel Roquevert
movieId: ChJ30  actor: Marcel Herrand
movieId: ChJ36  actor: Isabelle Pia
movieId: ChJ36  actor: Martine Carol
movieId: ChJ50  actor: Julien Bertheau
movieId: ChJ74  actor: Michele Merier
movieId: ChJ74  actor: Richard Johnson
movieId: ChJ74  actor: s a
movieId: ChK10  actor: Leslie Cheung
movieId: ChK10  actor: Zhang Fengyi
movieId: ChK10  actor: Gong Li
movieId: ChK13  actor: Gong Li
movieId: ChK13  actor: Leslie Cheung
movieId: ChK13  actor: Kevin lin
movieId: ChL1  actor: Charles Lane
movieId: ChL1  actor: Darnell Williams
movieId: ChL1  actor: Nicole Alysia
movieId: ChM20  actor: Teri Garr
movieId: ChM20  actor: Shirley MacLaine
movieId: ChM20  actor: Jack McGee
movieId: CHo5  actor: Beatrice Arthur
movieId: CHo5  actor: Bonnie Bedalia
movieId: CHo5  actor: Harry Guardino
movieId: CHo5  actor: Michael Brandon
movieId: CHo5  actor: Gig Young
movieId: CHo5  actor: Richard Castellano
movieId: ChR10  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: ChR10  actor: Ernest Torrence
movieId: ChR10  actor: Marion Byron
movieId: ChR13  actor: Marie Dressler
movieId: ChR13  actor: Polly Moran
movieId: ChR13  actor: Bessie Love
movieId: ChR13  actor: George K. Arthur
movieId: ChR13  actor: Karl Dane
movieId: ChR13  actor: Jack Benny
movieId: ChR13  actor: Ann Dvorak
movieId: ChR13  actor: Marion Davies
movieId: ChR13  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: ChR13  actor: Norma Shearer
movieId: ChR13  actor: John Gilbert
movieId: ChR13  actor: William Haines
movieId: ChR13  actor: Stan Laurel
movieId: ChR13  actor: Oliver Hardy
movieId: ChR13  actor: Conrad Nagel
movieId: ChR13  actor: Anita Page
movieId: ChR13  actor: Charles King
movieId: ChR13  actor: Cliff Edwards
movieId: ChR13  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: ChR13  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: ChR13  actor: Ukele Ike
movieId: ChR50  actor: Groucho Marx
movieId: ChR50  actor: Harpo Marx
movieId: ChR50  actor: Chico Marx
movieId: ChR50  actor: Margaret Dumont
movieId: ChR50  actor: Douglass Dumbrille
movieId: ChR50  actor: Tony Martin
movieId: ChR50  actor: Virginia Grey
movieId: ChR50  actor: Virginia Obrien
movieId: ChR50  actor: Henry Armetta
movieId: ChR60  actor: Bud Abbott
movieId: ChR60  actor: Lou Costello
movieId: ChR60  actor: Marilyn Maxwell
movieId: ChR60  actor: Douglass Dumbrille
movieId: ChR60  actor: Murray Leonard
movieId: ChR60  actor: Tommy Dorsey
movieId: ChS10  actor: Shelley Long
movieId: ChS10  actor: Ryan ONeal
movieId: ChS10  actor: Drew Barrymore
movieId: ChS10  actor: Sam Wanamaker
movieId: ChS10  actor: Alan Garfield
movieId: ChS10  actor: Sharon Stone
movieId: ChS13  actor: Diane Keaton
movieId: ChS13  actor: Harold Ramis
movieId: ChS13  actor: Sam Sheppard
movieId: ChS13  actor: Sam Wanamaker
movieId: ChS13  actor: Pat Hingle
movieId: ChS13  actor: James Spader
movieId: ChS13  actor: Britt Leach
movieId: ChS13  actor: sa
movieId: ChS13  actor: sa
movieId: ChS20  actor: Steve Martin
movieId: ChS20  actor: Martin Short
movieId: ChS20  actor: Kimberly Williams
movieId: ChS20  actor: George Newbern
movieId: ChS24  actor: Julia Roberts
movieId: ChS24  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: ChS24  actor: Robert Loggia
movieId: ChS24  actor: Olympia Dukakis
movieId: ChS24  actor: Saul Rubineck
movieId: ChS24  actor: Chalie Martin Smith
movieId: ChS24  actor: Marsha Mason
movieId: ChV2  actor: Chester Morris
movieId: ChV2  actor: Ralph Bewllamy
movieId: ChV2  actor: Ann Dvorak
movieId: ChV2  actor: Melville Cooper
movieId: ChV2  actor: Rose Stradner
movieId: ChV2  actor: Marc Lawrence
movieId: ChV8  actor: Richard Aherne
movieId: ChV8  actor: Rita Hayworth
movieId: ChV8  actor: Glenn Ford
movieId: ChV8  actor: Irene Rich
movieId: ChV8  actor: George Coulouris
movieId: ChV8  actor: Lloyd Corrigan
movieId: ChV8  actor: Evelyn Keyes
movieId: ChV8  actor: Edward Norris
movieId: ChV8  actor: Curt Bois
movieId: ChV8  actor: Frank Reicher
movieId: ChV13  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: ChV13  actor: Jon Hall
movieId: ChV13  actor: Victor Frances
movieId: ChV13  actor: Peggy Drake
movieId: ChV13  actor: Florence Bates
movieId: ChV15  actor: Cornel Wilde
movieId: ChV15  actor: Merle Oberon
movieId: ChV15  actor: Paul Muni
movieId: ChV20  actor: Rita Hayworth
movieId: ChV20  actor: Glenn Ford
movieId: ChV20  actor: George Macready
movieId: ChV20  actor: Steve Gerat
movieId: ChV20  actor: Joseph Calleia
movieId: ChV20  actor: Joe Sawyer
movieId: ChV20  actor: Gerald Mohr
movieId: ChV20  actor: Ludwig Donath
movieId: ChV20  actor: s a
movieId: ChV26  actor: Rita Hayworth
movieId: ChV26  actor: Glenn Ford
movieId: ChV26  actor: Victor Jory
movieId: ChV26  actor: Ron Randell
movieId: ChV26  actor: Luther Adler
movieId: ChV26  actor: Arnold Moss
movieId: ChV26  actor: Margeret Wycherly
movieId: ChV26  actor: Bernard Nedell
movieId: ChV35  actor: Danny Kaye
movieId: ChV35  actor: Zizi Jeanmaire
movieId: ChV35  actor: Roalnd Petit
movieId: ChV35  actor: Erik Bruhn
movieId: ChV35  actor: Joey Walsh
movieId: ChV35  actor: Farley Granger
movieId: ChV35  actor: John Qualen
movieId: ChV45  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: ChV45  actor: Mitzi gaynor
movieId: ChV45  actor: Eddie Albert
movieId: ChV45  actor: Jeanne Crain
movieId: ChV45  actor: Beverly Garland
movieId: ChV45  actor: Jackie Coogan
movieId: ChV45  actor: Ted deCorsica
movieId: ChV46  actor: Rock Hudson
movieId: ChV46  actor: Jennifer Jones
movieId: ChV46  actor: Vittorio deSica
movieId: ChV46  actor: Alberto Sordi
movieId: ChV46  actor: Kurt Kaznar
movieId: ChV46  actor: Mercedes McCambridge
movieId: ChV46  actor: Oscar Homolka
movieId: ChV46  actor: Elaine Stritch
movieId: ChV46  actor: Victor Francen
movieId: ChW2  actor: June Allyson
movieId: ChW2  actor: Peter Lawford
movieId: ChW2  actor: Patricia Marshall
movieId: ChW2  actor: Joan McCracken
movieId: ChW2  actor: Mel Torme
movieId: ChW2  actor: Ray McDonald
movieId: ChW2  actor: Patricia Marshall
movieId: ChW2  actor: Donald McBride
movieId: ChW2  actor: Clinton Sundberg
movieId: ChW2  actor: Morris Akrum
movieId: ChW2  actor: Tom Dugan
movieId: ChW2  actor: Connie Gilchrist
movieId: ChW3  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: ChW3  actor: Judy Garland
movieId: ChW3  actor: Ann Miller
movieId: ChW3  actor: Peter Lawford
movieId: ChW3  actor: Clinton Sundberg
movieId: ChW3  actor: Jules Munshin
movieId: ChW4  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: ChW4  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: ChW4  actor: Oscar Levant
movieId: ChW4  actor: Jaques Francois
movieId: ChW4  actor: Billie Burke
movieId: ChW6  actor: Mel Ferrer
movieId: ChW6  actor: Leslie Caron
movieId: ChW6  actor: JeanPierre Aumant
movieId: ChW6  actor: Zsa Zsa Gabor
movieId: ChW6  actor: Kurt Kasnar
movieId: ChW7  actor: Esther Williams
movieId: ChW7  actor: Charlotte Greenwwod
movieId: ChW7  actor: William Demarest
movieId: ChW7  actor: Fernando Lamas
movieId: ChW7  actor: Jack Carson
movieId: ChW7  actor: Denise Darcel
movieId: ChW7  actor: Barbara Whiting
movieId: ChW7  actor: Tom
movieId: ChW7  actor: Jerry
movieId: ChW12  actor: Grace Kelly
movieId: ChW12  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: ChW12  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: ChW12  actor: Louis Armstrong
movieId: ChW16  actor: David Niven
movieId: ChW16  actor: Shirley MacLaine
movieId: ChW16  actor: Gig Young
movieId: ChW16  actor: Rod Taylor
movieId: ChW16  actor: Jim backus
movieId: ChW16  actor: Claire Kelly
movieId: ChW22  actor: Debbie Reynolds
movieId: ChW25  actor: Samantha Eggar
movieId: ChW25  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: ChW25  actor: Jim Hutton
movieId: ChW25  actor: John Standing
movieId: ChW25  actor: Miiko Taka
movieId: CiS10  actor: John Carradine
movieId: CiS10  actor: Lenka Novak
movieId: CiS10  actor: Karen Stride
movieId: CiS10  actor: Katie Dolan
movieId: CiS40  actor: Steve Kanaly
movieId: CiS40  actor: Ken Wright
movieId: CiS40  actor: Peter Nelson
movieId: CiS40  actor: John Vargas
movieId: CiS40  actor: Carl Franklin
movieId: CiS40  actor: Roman daSalvo
movieId: CiS40  actor: Jonee Gamboa
movieId: CJ2  actor: Richard Burton
movieId: CJ2  actor: Genevieve Bujold
movieId: CJ2  actor: John Colicos
movieId: CJ2  actor: Irene Papas
movieId: CJ2  actor: Anthony Quayle
movieId: CJ2  actor: Michael Hordern
movieId: CJ2  actor: Katherine Blake
movieId: CJ2  actor: Peter Jeffrey
movieId: CJ2  actor: William Squire
movieId: CJ2  actor: Esmond Knight
movieId: CJ2  actor: Nora SwinBurne
movieId: CJ4  actor: Peter Finch
movieId: CJ4  actor: Liv Ullman
movieId: CJ4  actor: Sally Kellerman
movieId: CJ4  actor: Bobby Van
movieId: CJ4  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: CJ4  actor: Michael York
movieId: CJ4  actor: Olivia Hussey
movieId: CJ4  actor: James Shigeta
movieId: CJ4  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: CJ4  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: CJ6  actor: MarieFrance Pisier
movieId: CJ6  actor: John Beck
movieId: CJ6  actor: Christian Marquand
movieId: CJ6  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: CJ6  actor: s a
movieId: CJ6  actor: Raf Vallone
movieId: CJ6  actor: Clu Gulager
movieId: CJ8  actor: Ricky Shroder
movieId: CJ8  actor: Elliott Gould
movieId: CJ8  actor: Genevieve Bujold
movieId: CJ8  actor: Ricky Schroder
movieId: CJ8  actor: Tammy Lauren
movieId: CJ8  actor: Vincent Gardenia
movieId: CJ9  actor: Michael Crawford
movieId: CJ9  actor: Oliver Reed
movieId: CJ9  actor: Barbara Carrera
movieId: CJ10  actor: John Savage
movieId: CJ10  actor: Marthe Keller
movieId: CJ10  actor: Christopher Plummer
movieId: CJu10  actor: Vera Baranowskaya
movieId: CJu10  actor: Valeska Gert
movieId: CJu10  actor: Theodor Pistek
movieId: CJu10  actor: Mana Zeniskova
movieId: CkB10  actor: Michael Sarrazin
movieId: CkB10  actor: Gary Busey
movieId: CKl2  actor: Romain Duris
movieId: CKl4  actor: Agnes Jaoui
movieId: CKl4  actor: Catherine Frot
movieId: CKl4  actor: JeanPierre Bacri
movieId: CL1  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: CL1  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: CL1  actor: Lillian Gish
movieId: CL1  actor: Don Beddoe
movieId: CL1  actor: Evelyn Varden
movieId: CL1  actor: Peter Graves
movieId: CL1  actor: James Gleason
movieId: CLa18  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: CLa20  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: CLa24  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: CLa95  actor: Bud Abbott
movieId: CLa95  actor: Lou Costello
movieId: CLa95  actor: Patricia Medina
movieId: CLa95  actor: Walter Slezak
movieId: CLa95  actor: Douglass Dumbrille
movieId: CLa100  actor: Bud Abbott
movieId: CLa100  actor: Lou Costello
movieId: CLa100  actor: Arthur Franz
movieId: CLa100  actor: William Frawley
movieId: CLa100  actor: Sheldon Leonard
movieId: CLa110  actor: Bud Abbott
movieId: CLa110  actor: Lou Costello
movieId: CLa110  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: CLa110  actor: Hillary Brooke
movieId: CLa110  actor: Fran Warren
movieId: CLa110  actor: Leif Erickson
movieId: CLa114  actor: Bud Abbott
movieId: CLa114  actor: Lou Costello
movieId: CLa114  actor: Mari Blanchard
movieId: CLa114  actor: Anita Ekberg
movieId: CLa114  actor: Martha Hyer
movieId: CLa114  actor: Robert Paige
movieId: CLa114  actor: Horace McMahon
movieId: CLa114  actor: Jack Kruschen
movieId: CLa115  actor: Bud Abbott
movieId: CLa115  actor: Lou Costello
movieId: CLa115  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: CLa115  actor: Eddie Parker
movieId: CLa115  actor: Craig Stevens
movieId: CLa115  actor: Helen Westcott
movieId: CLa121  actor: Bud Abbott
movieId: CLa121  actor: Lou Costello
movieId: CLa121  actor: Lynn Bari
movieId: CLa121  actor: Fred Clark
movieId: CLa121  actor: Frank Wilcox
movieId: CLa121  actor: Maxie Rosenbloom
movieId: CLa121  actor: Mack Sennett
movieId: CLa125  actor: Bud Abbott
movieId: CLa125  actor: Lou Costello
movieId: CLa125  actor: Eddie Parker
movieId: CLa125  actor: Marie Windsor
movieId: CLa125  actor: Kurt Katch
movieId: CLa125  actor: Richard Karlan
movieId: CLa125  actor: Mel Welles
movieId: CLa125  actor: Peggy King
movieId: CLa127  actor: Bud Abbott
movieId: CLa127  actor: Lou Costello
movieId: CLa127  actor: Gigi Perreau
movieId: CLB10  actor: Toto
movieId: CLB10  actor: Isa Barzizza
movieId: CLB10  actor: Gianni Agnus
movieId: CLB20  actor: Toto
movieId: CLB20  actor: Peppino DeFillippo
movieId: ClC2  actor: Gerard Blain
movieId: ClC2  actor: JeanClaude Brialy
movieId: ClC2  actor: Juliette Mayniel
movieId: ClC5  actor: Anouk Aim\'ee
movieId: ClC5  actor: Louis Jean-Trintignant
movieId: ClC5  actor: Pierre Barouh
movieId: ClC8  actor: JoseMaria Caffare
movieId: ClC8  actor: Charles Denner
movieId: ClC8  actor: Marie La Forette
movieId: ClC8  actor: Stephan Audran
movieId: ClC18  actor: michel bouquet
movieId: ClC18  actor: Stephane Audran
movieId: ClC18  actor: 
movieId: ClC20  actor: Jaqueline Sassard
movieId: ClC20  actor: JeanLouis Trintignant
movieId: ClC20  actor: Stephane Audran
movieId: ClC21  actor: Stephane Audran
movieId: ClC21  actor: Michel Bouquet
movieId: ClC21  actor: Maurice Ronet
movieId: ClC21  actor: Michel Duchaussoy
movieId: ClC22  actor: Charles Gray
movieId: ClC24  actor: Jean Yanne
movieId: ClC24  actor: Stephane Audran
movieId: ClC35  actor: Paul Gegauff
movieId: ClC35  actor: Danielle Gegauff
movieId: ClC35  actor: Paula Moore
movieId: ClC35  actor: Michel Valette
movieId: ClC45  actor: Christophe Malavoy
movieId: ClC45  actor: Mathilda May
movieId: ClC45  actor: Jacques Penot
movieId: ClC45  actor: Virgenie Thevenet
movieId: ClC49  actor: Andrew McCarthy
movieId: ClC49  actor: Nigel Havers
movieId: ClC49  actor: Stephane Audran
movieId: ClC49  actor: Mario Adorf
movieId: ClC49  actor: s a
movieId: ClC49  actor: Barbara deRossi
movieId: ClC50  actor: Isabel Huppert
movieId: ClC50  actor: Francois Cluzet
movieId: ClC50  actor: Nils Travenier
movieId: ClC50  actor: Marie Trintignant
movieId: ClC57  actor: JeanPierre Cassel
movieId: ClC57  actor: Jacqueline Bisset
movieId: ClC57  actor: Sandrine Bonnaire
movieId: ClC57  actor: Isabelle Huppert
movieId: ClC58  actor: Isabelle Huppert
movieId: ClC60  actor: Isabelle Huppert
movieId: ClD1  actor: Mireille Perrier
movieId: ClD1  actor: Cecile Ducasse
movieId: ClD1  actor: Isaach deBankole
movieId: ClD1  actor: Giula Boschi
movieId: ClD1  actor: Francois Cluzot
movieId: ClD1  actor: Isaach deBankol\'e
movieId: ClD1  actor: JeanClaude Adelin
movieId: ClD1  actor: Jacques Denis
movieId: ClD1  actor: sa
movieId: ClD5  actor: Gregoire Colin
movieId: ClD5  actor: Alice Houri
movieId: ClD10  actor: Beatrice Dalle
movieId: ClD10  actor: Vincent Gallo
movieId: CLi10  actor: Sylvie Testau
movieId: CLi10  actor: Emanuelle Laborit
movieId: CLi10  actor: Howie Szego.
movieId: CLi10  actor: Eric Galen
movieId: CLi10  actor: Sybille Carrerra
movieId: CLi10  actor: Mathias Haupert
movieId: CLi10  actor: Hansa Czyaparski
movieId: ClL25  actor: JeanPaul Belmondo
movieId: ClL25  actor: Alexandra Martinez
movieId: ClL25  actor: s a
movieId: ClL25  actor: s a
movieId: ClM30  actor: Charlotte Gainsbourg
movieId: ClM30  actor: Didier Bexace
movieId: ClM30  actor: Simon delaBrosse
movieId: ClM30  actor: Nathalie Cardone
movieId: ClM40  actor: Romane Bohringer
movieId: ClM40  actor: Elena Safonova
movieId: ClM40  actor: Richard Bohringer
movieId: ClO10  actor: Dan Duryea
movieId: ClO10  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: ClO10  actor: Ethel Barrymore
movieId: ClO10  actor: s a
movieId: ClP10  actor: Sophie Marceau
movieId: ClP10  actor: Claude Brasseur
movieId: ClP10  actor: Brigitte Fossey
movieId: ClP12  actor: Sophie Marceau
movieId: ClP18  actor: Sophie Marceau
movieId: ClS22  actor: s a
movieId: ClS25  actor: Yves Montand
movieId: ClS25  actor: Sami Frey
movieId: ClS25  actor: Romy Schneider
movieId: ClS40  actor: Daniel Auteuil
movieId: ClS40  actor: Emanuelle Beart
movieId: ClS40  actor: Andre Dussollier
movieId: ClS40  actor: Elisabeth Bourgine
movieId: ClS40  actor: Maurice Garrel
movieId: ClS40  actor: JeanLuc Bibeau
movieId: ClS45  actor: Emanuelle Beart
movieId: ClS45  actor: Michel Serrault
movieId: ClS45  actor: JeanHugues Anglade
movieId: ClS45  actor: s a
movieId: ClW10  actor: Jill Clayburgh
movieId: ClW10  actor: Michael Douglas
movieId: ClW10  actor: Charles Grodin
movieId: ClW10  actor: Dianne Wiest
movieId: ClW20  actor: Melanie Myron
movieId: ClW20  actor: Anita Skinner
movieId: ClW20  actor: Christopher Guest
movieId: ClZ10  actor: Philippe Noiret
movieId: ClZ10  actor: Thierry Lhermite
movieId: ClZ19  actor: Gerard Depardieux
movieId: ClZ19  actor: Christian Clavier
movieId: ClZ19  actor: Roberto Begnigni
movieId: ClZ19  actor: Gottfied John
movieId: ClZ19  actor: Hardy Krueger~jr.
movieId: ClZ19  actor: Laetitia Casta
movieId: CMA1  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: CMA1  actor: Whitney Bourne
movieId: CMA1  actor: Margo
movieId: CMA1  actor: Esther Dale
movieId: CMA1  actor: Stanley Ridges
movieId: CMA1  actor: Helen Hayes
movieId: CMe10  actor: Goldie Hawn
movieId: CMe10  actor: David Arnott
movieId: CMe10  actor: Keith Carradine
movieId: CMe10  actor: Arliss Howard
movieId: CMe10  actor: James Gammon
movieId: CMe10  actor: s a
movieId: CMk11  actor: sa sa
movieId: CMk40  actor: s a
movieId: CMt10  actor: Ethel Grandlin
movieId: CMt10  actor: Virginia Powell
movieId: CMu10  actor: Edwin S. Porter
movieId: CNo1  actor: Jeremy Theobald
movieId: CNo1  actor: s a
movieId: CNo3  actor: Guy Pearce
movieId: CNu10  actor: Helena Bergstrom
movieId: CNy1  actor: Robert Cornthwaite
movieId: CNy1  actor: Margaret Sheridan
movieId: CNy1  actor: James Arness
movieId: CNy1  actor: Kenneth Tobey
movieId: CNy1  actor: Ronald Reagan
movieId: CNy15  actor: Chad Everett
movieId: CNy15  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: CNy15  actor: Dean Jagger
movieId: CNy15  actor: Marilyn Devon
movieId: CNy15  actor: Claude Akins
movieId: CNy15  actor: Stephen Roberts
movieId: CoA1  actor: Corey Allen
movieId: CoA10  actor: Rock Hudson
movieId: CoA10  actor: Mia Farrow
movieId: CoA10  actor: Robert Forster
movieId: CoA10  actor: Barry Primus
movieId: CoB1  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: CoB3  actor: Michael Redgrave
movieId: CoB3  actor: Valerie Hobson
movieId: CoB3  actor: Flora Robson
movieId: CoB3  actor: Felix Aylmer
movieId: CoB3  actor: James McKechnie
movieId: CoB3  actor: Dulcie Gray
movieId: CoB3  actor: Edward Rigby
movieId: CoB6  actor: Stewart Granger
movieId: CoB6  actor: Deborah Kerr
movieId: CoB6  actor: Richard Carlson
movieId: CoB6  actor: Hugo Haas
movieId: CoB6  actor: Lowell Gilmore
movieId: CoC10  actor: William Farnum
movieId: CoC10  actor: Helen Chester
movieId: CoC10  actor: Tom Santchi
movieId: CoC10  actor: Roy Glenister
movieId: CoF10  actor: Sotiria Leonardou
movieId: CoH1  actor: Chevy Chase
movieId: CoH1  actor: Goldie Hawn
movieId: CoH1  actor: Dudley Moore
movieId: CoH1  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: CoH1  actor: Raqchel Roberts
movieId: CoH1  actor: Cyril Magnin
movieId: CoH2  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: CoH2  actor: Lily Tomlin
movieId: CoH2  actor: Dolly Parton
movieId: CoH2  actor: Dabney Coleman
movieId: CoH2  actor: Sterling Hayden
movieId: CoH2  actor: Elizabeth Wilson
movieId: CoH3  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: CoH3  actor: Dolly Parton
movieId: CoH3  actor: Charles Durning
movieId: CoH3  actor: Dom DeLuise
movieId: CoH3  actor: Jim Nabors
movieId: CoH3  actor: Robert Mandan
movieId: CoH3  actor: Lois Nettleton
movieId: CoW1  actor: Cornel Wilde
movieId: CoW2  actor: Cornel Wilde
movieId: CoW3  actor: Cornel Wilde
movieId: CoW3  actor: Jean Wallace
movieId: CoW3  actor: s a
movieId: CoW3  actor: Brian Aherne
movieId: CoW3  actor: George Baker
movieId: CoW3  actor: John Barrie
movieId: CoW4  actor: Cornel Wilde
movieId: CoW5  actor: Cornel Wilde
movieId: CoW5  actor: Rip Torn
movieId: CoW5  actor: Burr deBenning
movieId: CoW5  actor: Jean Wallace
movieId: CoW6  actor: Cornel Wilde
movieId: CoW7  actor: Cornel Wilde
movieId: CP2  actor: Jaqueline Bisset
movieId: CP2  actor: James Fox
movieId: CP2  actor: Ruby Baker
movieId: CP2  actor: Sebastian Shaw
movieId: CP2  actor: Irene Papas
movieId: CP2  actor: Paris Tselios
movieId: CP2  actor: Kenneth Branagh
movieId: CP2  actor: Leslie Manville
movieId: CP2  actor: Robert Stevens
movieId: CP3  actor: Bridget Fonda
movieId: CP3  actor: Russell Crowe
movieId: CP3  actor: D.W. Moffett
movieId: CP3  actor: Kenneth Mars
movieId: CP3  actor: Jim Broadbent
movieId: CP3  actor: Paul Rodriguez
movieId: CP3  actor: Robert Rodriguez
movieId: CPR10  actor: Barrie Ingram
movieId: CPR10  actor: James Hayter
movieId: CPR10  actor: Leon Greene
movieId: CPR10  actor: John Arnatt
movieId: CR10  actor: Margaret lockwood
movieId: CR10  actor: Rex Harrison
movieId: CR10  actor: Basil Radford
movieId: CR10  actor: Naunton Wayne
movieId: CR10  actor: Paul Henreid
movieId: CR10  actor: Keneth Kent
movieId: CR10  actor: Felix Aylmer
movieId: CR10  actor: Roland Culver
movieId: CR10  actor: Eliot Makeham
movieId: CR10  actor: Raymond Huntley
movieId: CR10  actor: Wyndham Goldie
movieId: CR12  actor: Michael Redgrave
movieId: CR12  actor: Phyllis Calvert
movieId: CR12  actor: Diana Wynard
movieId: CR12  actor: Arthur Riscoe
movieId: CR12  actor: Max Adrian
movieId: CR12  actor: Michael Wilding
movieId: CR12  actor: Lloyd Pearson
movieId: CR12  actor: Edward Rigby
movieId: CR12  actor: Hermione Baddeley
movieId: CR12  actor: Frank Pettingell
movieId: CR12  actor: Beatrice Varley
movieId: CR12  actor: Kathlenn Harrison
movieId: CR12  actor: Felix Aymer
movieId: CR13  actor: Stephen Haggard
movieId: CR13  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: CR14  actor: David Niven
movieId: CR14  actor: Stanley Holloway
movieId: CR14  actor: Raymond Huntley
movieId: CR14  actor: William harnell
movieId: CR14  actor: James Donald
movieId: CR14  actor: John Laurie
movieId: CR14  actor: Leslie Dwyer
movieId: CR14  actor: Hugh Burden
movieId: CR14  actor: Jimmy hanley
movieId: CR14  actor: Renee Asherson
movieId: CR14  actor: Penelope Dudley ward
movieId: CR14  actor: Reginal Tate
movieId: CR14  actor: Leo Genn
movieId: CR14  actor: Mary Jerrold
movieId: CR14  actor: Peter Ustinov
movieId: CR16  actor: James Mason
movieId: CR16  actor: Kathleen Ryan
movieId: CR16  actor: W.G. Fay
movieId: CR16  actor: Maureen Delany
movieId: CR16  actor: Dennis ODay
movieId: CR16  actor: Robert Newton
movieId: CR16  actor: F.J. McCormick
movieId: CR16  actor: William Hartnell
movieId: CR16  actor: Dan OHerlihy
movieId: CR16  actor: Fay Compton
movieId: CR16  actor: Cyril Cusack
movieId: CR17  actor: Bobby Henrey
movieId: CR17  actor: Ralph Richardson
movieId: CR17  actor: Michele Morgan
movieId: CR17  actor: Sonia Dresdel
movieId: CR17  actor: Jack Hawkins
movieId: CR18  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: CR18  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: CR18  actor: Alida Valli
movieId: CR18  actor: Trevor Howard
movieId: CR18  actor: Margaret Lockwood
movieId: CR18  actor: Michael Redgrave
movieId: CR18  actor: Bernard Lee
movieId: CR18  actor: Wilfrid HydeWhite
movieId: CR18  actor: Ernst Deutsch
movieId: CR18  actor: Siegfried Breuer
movieId: CR18  actor: Erich Ponto
movieId: CR18  actor: Paul Hoerbiger
movieId: CR19  actor: Trevor Howard
movieId: CR19  actor: Kerima
movieId: CR19  actor: Robert Morley
movieId: CR19  actor: Wendy Hiller
movieId: CR19  actor: Annabel Morley
movieId: CR20  actor: Hildegard Knef
movieId: CR24  actor: Alec Guinness
movieId: CR24  actor: Noel Coward
movieId: CR24  actor: Burl Ives
movieId: CR24  actor: Maureen OHara
movieId: CR24  actor: Ernie Kovacs
movieId: CR24  actor: Ralph Richardson
movieId: CrB10  actor: Juliette Lewis
movieId: CrB10  actor: Helen Shaven
movieId: CrB10  actor: Eliza Dusku
movieId: CrC10  actor: David Duchovny
movieId: CrC10  actor: Gillian Anderson
movieId: CrC10  actor: David Vincent
movieId: CRd10  actor: Stephen Macht
movieId: CRd10  actor: Shawn Weatherly
movieId: CRd10  actor: Megan Ward
movieId: CRd10  actor: Damon Martin
movieId: CRd10  actor: Jonathan Penner
movieId: CRd10  actor: Terrie Snell
movieId: CRd10  actor: Nita Tabbot
movieId: CRd10  actor: Dean Cochran
movieId: CrM10  actor: Sissy Spacek
movieId: CrM10  actor: Piper Laurie
movieId: CrM10  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: CrM10  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: CrR10  actor: Kenneth Moore
movieId: CrS10  actor: Mark Borchardt
movieId: CrS10  actor: Mike Schank
movieId: CRu10  actor: Jim Carrey
movieId: CRu10  actor: Cameron Diaz
movieId: CRu10  actor: Max
movieId: CSc10  actor: Alfred Edel
movieId: CSe2  actor: Serreau
movieId: CSe15  actor: Firmine Richards
movieId: CSe15  actor: Daniel Auteuil
movieId: CSe15  actor: Pierre Vernier
movieId: CSe15  actor: Maxime Leroux
movieId: CSe15  actor: Gilles Privat
movieId: CSe15  actor: Muriel Combeau
movieId: CSe15  actor: Catherine Salviat
movieId: CSe15  actor: Sambou Tati
movieId: CSG10  actor: Johnny Weissmuller
movieId: CSG10  actor: Helen Stanton
movieId: CSG10  actor: Jean Byron
movieId: CSG10  actor: Billy Curtis
movieId: CSG10  actor: Angelo Rossitto
movieId: CSi6  actor: Raymond Burr
movieId: CSi6  actor: Barbara Payton
movieId: CSi6  actor: Lon Chaney~jr.
movieId: CSi6  actor: Tom Conway
movieId: CSi6  actor: Paul Cavanaugh
movieId: CSi6  actor: Woody Strode
movieId: CSi10  actor: Eduardo Cianelli
movieId: CSi10  actor: Don Taylor
movieId: CSi10  actor: Gianna Segale
movieId: CSm10  actor: Melissa Altro
movieId: CSm10  actor: Catherine OHara
movieId: CSm10  actor: Dave Thomas
movieId: CSm10  actor: s a
movieId: CSm10  actor: Gordon Pinsent
movieId: CSr4  actor: Ferando Rey
movieId: CSr4  actor: Geraldine Chaplin
movieId: CSr5  actor: Ana Torrent
movieId: CSr5  actor: Geraldine Chaplin
movieId: CSr5  actor: Geraldine Chaplin
movieId: CSr5  actor: s a
movieId: CSr5  actor: s a
movieId: CSr7  actor: I\~naki Aierra
movieId: CSr7  actor: Assumpta Serra
movieId: CSr10  actor: Antonio Gades
movieId: CSr10  actor: Laura deSol
movieId: CSr10  actor: Paco deLucia
movieId: CSr10  actor: Cristina Jimenez
movieId: CSr10  actor: Sebastian Moreno
movieId: CSr20  actor: Julie Delpy
movieId: CSr25  actor: Cramen Maura
movieId: CsS10  actor: Helen Mirren
movieId: CsS10  actor: Giovanni Guidelli
movieId: CsS10  actor: Rupert Graves
movieId: CsS10  actor: Helen Bonham Carter
movieId: CsS10  actor: Judy Davis
movieId: CsS10  actor: Barbara Jefford
movieId: CsS15  actor: Peter OToole
movieId: CsS15  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: CTB10  actor: Bud Abbott
movieId: CTB10  actor: Lou Costello
movieId: CTB10  actor: Bela Lugosi
movieId: CTB10  actor: Lon Chaney
movieId: CTB10  actor: Glenn Strange
movieId: CTB10  actor: Lenore Aubert
movieId: CTB10  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: CTB10  actor: Jane Randolph
movieId: CTB10  actor: Frank Ferguson
movieId: CTB10  actor: Charles T. Bradstreet
movieId: CTB15  actor: Bud Abbott
movieId: CTB15  actor: Lou Costello
movieId: CTB15  actor: Max Baer
movieId: CTB15  actor: Buddy Baer
movieId: CTB15  actor: Hillary Brooke
movieId: CTB15  actor: Frank Buck
movieId: CTB15  actor: Shemp Howard
movieId: CTB15  actor: Joe Besser
movieId: CTB15  actor: Clyde Beatty
movieId: CTB16  actor: Bud Abbott
movieId: CTB16  actor: Lou Costello
movieId: CTB16  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: CTB16  actor: Gar Moore
movieId: CTB16  actor: Lenore Aubert
movieId: CTB16  actor: Roland Winters
movieId: CTB16  actor: Percy Helton
movieId: CTB16  actor: Alan Mowbray
movieId: CTB16  actor: Billy Gray
movieId: CTB25  actor: Fred MacMurray
movieId: CTB25  actor: Tommy Kirk
movieId: CTB25  actor: Jean Hagen
movieId: CTB25  actor: Annette Funicello
movieId: CTB25  actor: Cecil Kellaway
movieId: CTB25  actor: Tim Considine
movieId: CTB25  actor: Strother Martin
movieId: CTH10  actor: C.Thomas Howell
movieId: CTH10  actor: s a
movieId: CTK10  actor: Victor Wong
movieId: CTK10  actor: Max Elliott Slade
movieId: CTK10  actor: Sean Fox
movieId: CTK10  actor: Evan Bonifant
movieId: CTK10  actor: Dustin Nguyen
movieId: CTK10  actor: Sab Shimono
movieId: CTK12  actor: Halle Berry
movieId: CTK12  actor: James Belushi
movieId: CTK12  actor: Casey Affleck
movieId: CTK12  actor: Eliza Dushku
movieId: CTK12  actor: Kevin Tighe
movieId: CuB32  actor: Barbara Stanwyk
movieId: CuB32  actor: George Brent
movieId: CuB34  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: CuB34  actor: Van Heflin
movieId: CuB34  actor: Raymond Massey
movieId: CuB34  actor: Geraldine Brooks
movieId: CuB34  actor: Stanley Ridges
movieId: CuB34  actor: John Ridgely
movieId: CuB34  actor: Moroni Olsen
movieId: CuB34  actor: Monte Blue
movieId: CuB37  actor: Lana Turner
movieId: CuB37  actor: Fernando Lamas
movieId: CuB37  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: CuB37  actor: Richard Haydn
movieId: CuB37  actor: Thomas Gomez
movieId: CuB37  actor: John Abbott
movieId: CuB37  actor: Marcel Dalio
movieId: CuB37  actor: Robert coote
movieId: CuB39  actor: Rita Hayworth
movieId: CuB40  actor: Stewart Granger
movieId: CuB40  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: CuB40  actor: Peter Ustinov
movieId: CuB40  actor: Robert Morley
movieId: CuB44  actor: Polly Bergen
movieId: CuB44  actor: Fred McMurray
movieId: CuB44  actor: Arlene Dahl
movieId: CuB44  actor: Eli Wallach
movieId: CuB44  actor: Edward Andrews
movieId: CuH14  actor: Richard Crenna
movieId: CuH14  actor: Yvette Mimieux
movieId: CuH14  actor: Kim Richards
movieId: CuH14  actor: Ike Eisenmann
movieId: CuH20  actor: Sylvia Kristel
movieId: CuH20  actor: Christopher Cazenove
movieId: CuH20  actor: Oliver Tobias
movieId: CuH20  actor: Gaye Brown
movieId: CuH20  actor: William Fox
movieId: CVi10  actor: Fabrice Luchini
movieId: CVi10  actor: Judith Henry
movieId: CVi16  actor: Isabelle Huppert
movieId: CVi16  actor: Daniel Auteuil
movieId: CWh10  actor: David Essex
movieId: CWh10  actor: Ringo Starr
movieId: CWh10  actor: Keith Moon
movieId: CWh10  actor: Rosemary Leach
movieId: CWh10  actor: Rosalind Ayres
movieId: CWh10  actor: James Booth
movieId: CWi10  actor: Gustav Froehlich
movieId: CWi10  actor: Hans Junkermann
movieId: CWl10  actor: Ernst Lubitsch
movieId: CWl10  actor: Martha Krivitz
movieId: CWm10  actor: Andy Warhol
movieId: CWm10  actor: Holly Woodlawn
movieId: CWm10  actor: Gerard Malanga
movieId: CWm10  actor: Fran Lebowitz
movieId: CWm10  actor: Grace Jones
movieId: CWm10  actor: Taylor Meade
movieId: CWm10  actor: Lou Reed
movieId: CWm10  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: CWm10  actor: Ultraviolet
movieId: CWr3  actor: Tom Courtenay
movieId: CWr3  actor: Esper Skouter
movieId: CWr3  actor: James Maxwell
movieId: CWr3  actor: Alfred Burke
movieId: CWr3  actor: Eric Thompson
movieId: CWr3  actor: Matthew Guiness
movieId: CWr10  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: CWr10  actor: Ian McShane
movieId: CWr10  actor: Norman Bristow
movieId: CWr10  actor: John Cording
movieId: CWr10  actor: Isabel Dean
movieId: CWr10  actor: William Fox
movieId: CWr10  actor: Robert Harris
movieId: CyC10  actor: Cyril Collard
movieId: CyC10  actor: Romane Bohringer
movieId: CyC10  actor: Carlos Lopez
movieId: CyE8  actor: Frank Lovejoy
movieId: CyE8  actor: Richard Carlson
movieId: CyE8  actor: Kathleen Ryan
movieId: CyE8  actor: Lloyd Bridges
movieId: CyE10  actor: Lex Barker
movieId: CyE30  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: CyE30  actor: Michael Craig
movieId: CyE30  actor: John Greenwood
movieId: CyE40  actor: Keir Dullea
movieId: CyS1  actor: Michelle Sweeney
movieId: CyS1  actor: Alice Dabo
movieId: CyS1  actor: Constance Garneau
movieId: CyS1  actor: Winifred Holden
movieId: CyS1  actor: Cissy Meddings
movieId: CyS1  actor: Mary Meigs
movieId: CyS1  actor: Catherine Roche
movieId: CyS1  actor: Beth Webber
movieId: DaA1  actor: Tony Musante
movieId: DaA1  actor: Suzy Kendall
movieId: DaA1  actor: s a
movieId: DaA1  actor: s a
movieId: DaA1  actor: s a
movieId: DaA1  actor: s a
movieId: DaA3  actor: James Franciscus
movieId: DaA3  actor: Karl Malden
movieId: DaA3  actor: s a
movieId: DaA5  actor: Jessica Harper
movieId: DaA5  actor: Joan Bennett
movieId: DaA5  actor: Alida Valli
movieId: DaA5  actor: Udo Kier
movieId: DaA5  actor: Stefania Casini
movieId: DaA5  actor: Renato Scarpa
movieId: DaA18  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: DaB3  actor: Janet Gaynor
movieId: DaB3  actor: Charles Farrell
movieId: DaB4  actor: El Brendel
movieId: DaB4  actor: Maureen OSullivan
movieId: DaB4  actor: Frank Albertson
movieId: DaB4  actor: Marjorie White
movieId: DaB4  actor: John Garrick
movieId: DaB4  actor: Hobart Bosworth
movieId: DaB4  actor: Mischa Auer
movieId: DaB5  actor: William Farnum
movieId: DaB8  actor: Shirley Temple
movieId: DaB8  actor: John Boles
movieId: DaB8  actor: Jack Holt
movieId: DaB8  actor: Karen Morley
movieId: DaB8  actor: Bill Robinson
movieId: DaB8  actor: Guinn Williams
movieId: DaB8  actor: Willie Best
movieId: DaB8  actor: Frank McGlynn
movieId: DaB9  actor: Shirley Temple
movieId: DaB9  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: DaB9  actor: Evelyn Venable
movieId: DaB9  actor: John Lodge
movieId: DaB9  actor: Bojangles Robinson
movieId: DaB9  actor: Hattie McDaniel
movieId: DaB9  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: DaB11  actor: Shirley Temple
movieId: DaB11  actor: Guy Kibbee
movieId: DaB11  actor: Buddy Ebsen
movieId: DaB11  actor: Slim Summerville
movieId: DaB11  actor: June Lang
movieId: DaB11  actor: Sara Haden
movieId: DaB11  actor: Jane Darwell
movieId: DaB13  actor: Alice Faye
movieId: DaB13  actor: George Murphy
movieId: DaB13  actor: Ken Murray
movieId: DaB13  actor: William Gargan
movieId: DaB13  actor: Frances Hunt
movieId: DaB13  actor: Frank Jenks
movieId: DaB13  actor: Andy Devine
movieId: DaB13  actor: Charles Winniger
movieId: DaB13  actor: Donald Meek
movieId: DaB17  actor: Kay Keyser
movieId: DaB17  actor: John Barrymore
movieId: DaB17  actor: Ginny Simms
movieId: DaB17  actor: Lupe Velez
movieId: DaB17  actor: May Robson
movieId: DaB17  actor: Patsy Kelly
movieId: DaB17  actor: Peter Lind Hayes
movieId: DaB17  actor: George Cleveland
movieId: DaB19  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: DaB19  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: DaB19  actor: Dorothy Lamour
movieId: DaB19  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: DaB19  actor: Dona Drake
movieId: DaB20  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: DaB20  actor: Dorothy Lamour
movieId: DaB20  actor: Otto Preminger
movieId: DaB20  actor: Lenore Aubert
movieId: DaB20  actor: Eduardo Cianelli
movieId: DaB20  actor: Donald Meek
movieId: DaB20  actor: Florence Bates
movieId: DaB21  actor: Eddie Cantor
movieId: DaB21  actor: Dennis Morgan
movieId: DaB21  actor: Joan Leslie
movieId: DaB21  actor: Edward Everett Horton
movieId: DaB21  actor: S.Z. Sakall
movieId: DaB21  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: DaB21  actor: Jack Carson
movieId: DaB21  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: DaB21  actor: Olivia deHavilland
movieId: DaB21  actor: Errol Flynn
movieId: DaB21  actor: John Garfield
movieId: DaB21  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: DaB21  actor: Ida Lupino
movieId: DaB21  actor: Ann Sheridan
movieId: DaB21  actor: Dinah Shore
movieId: DaB21  actor: George Tobias
movieId: DaB21  actor: Spike Jones
movieId: DaB21  actor: Willie Best
movieId: DaB21  actor: Hattie McDaniel
movieId: DaB23  actor: Dennis Morgan
movieId: DaB23  actor: Jack Carson
movieId: DaB23  actor: Joan Leslie
movieId: DaB23  actor: Janis Paige
movieId: DaB23  actor: S.Z. Sakall
movieId: DaB23  actor: Franklin Pangborn
movieId: DaB23  actor: Lauren Bacall
movieId: DaB28  actor: Doris Day
movieId: DaB28  actor: Gordon McRae
movieId: DaB28  actor: Eve Arden
movieId: DaB28  actor: Billy deWolfe
movieId: DaB28  actor: Gene Nelson
movieId: DaB28  actor: Patrice Wymore
movieId: DaB28  actor: Bill Gordon
movieId: DaB28  actor: S.Z. Sakall
movieId: DaB29  actor: June Haver
movieId: DaB29  actor: Gordon McRae
movieId: DaB29  actor: James Barton
movieId: DaB29  actor: S.Z. Sakall
movieId: DaB29  actor: Gene Nelson
movieId: DaB29  actor: Jane Darwell
movieId: DaB29  actor: Debbie Reynolds
movieId: DaB30  actor: Virginia Mayo
movieId: DaB30  actor: Gene Nelson
movieId: DaB30  actor: Dennis Morgan
movieId: DaB30  actor: S.Z. Sakall
movieId: DaB30  actor: Lucille Norman
movieId: DaB30  actor: Tom Conway
movieId: DaB32  actor: Doris Day
movieId: DaB32  actor: Ray Bolger
movieId: DaB32  actor: Claude Dauphin
movieId: DaB32  actor: Eve Miller
movieId: DaB32  actor: George Givot
movieId: DaB32  actor: Ray Bolger
movieId: DaB33  actor: Allyn Ann McLerie
movieId: DaB33  actor: Robert Shackleton
movieId: DaB33  actor: Mary Germaine
movieId: DaB33  actor: Margaretta Scott
movieId: DaB33  actor: Howard Marion Crawford
movieId: DaD10  actor: Burt Young
movieId: DaD10  actor: Rutanya Alda
movieId: DAf10  actor: Gosta Eckman
movieId: DAf10  actor: Kjell Bergquist
movieId: DAf10  actor: Rolf Lassgard
movieId: DAf10  actor: Niklas Hjulstrom
movieId: DaG3  actor: Richard Chamberlain
movieId: DaG3  actor: Tony Curtis
movieId: DaG6  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: DaG6  actor: David Carradine
movieId: DaG6  actor: Stacy Keach
movieId: DaG6  actor: Ned Beatty
movieId: DaG6  actor: Stephen McHattie
movieId: DaG6  actor: Ronny Cox
movieId: DaG6  actor: Dorin Harewood
movieId: DaG6  actor: Charles Cioffi
movieId: DaG6  actor: Anthonu Pozzini
movieId: DaG6  actor: Rosemary Forsyth
movieId: DaG10  actor: Lynn Redgrave
movieId: DaG10  actor: Vanessa Redgrave
movieId: DaG10  actor: John Glover
movieId: DaG10  actor: s a
movieId: DaH1  actor: Robert Powell
movieId: DaH1  actor: Gayle Hunnicutt
movieId: DaH1  actor: Barry Morse
movieId: DaH1  actor: Stephanie Bimead
movieId: DaH1  actor: Edward Underdown
movieId: DaH1  actor: Maxine Audley
movieId: DaH1  actor: Georgia Brown
movieId: DaH2  actor: David Bowie
movieId: DaH2  actor: Sydne Rome
movieId: DaH2  actor: Kim Novak
movieId: DaH2  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: DaH2  actor: David Hemmings
movieId: DaH2  actor: Maria Schell
movieId: DaH2  actor: Curt Jurgens
movieId: DaH2  actor: Erika Pluhar
movieId: DAl10  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: DAl10  actor: MaryLouise Parker
movieId: DAl10  actor: Ralph Maccio
movieId: DAl10  actor: Jill Clayburgh
movieId: DAl10  actor: Tony Curtis
movieId: DAl10  actor: Timothy Dalton
movieId: DAl10  actor: Kathleen Turner
movieId: DAl10  actor: William Styron
movieId: DAl10  actor: Whoppi Goldberg
movieId: DAl10  actor: Arthur Penn
movieId: DaM1  actor: Shirley Booth
movieId: DaM1  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: DaM1  actor: Terry Moore
movieId: DaM3  actor: Susan Hayward
movieId: DaM3  actor: Richard Conte
movieId: DaM3  actor: Eddie Albert
movieId: DaM3  actor: Jo vanFleet
movieId: DaM3  actor: Don Taylor
movieId: DaM3  actor: Ray Danton
movieId: DaM3  actor: Margo
movieId: DaM4  actor: Anna Magnani
movieId: DaM4  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: DaM4  actor: Jo VanFleet
movieId: DaM4  actor: Marisa Pavan
movieId: DaM4  actor: Ben Cooper
movieId: DaM4  actor: Virginia Grey
movieId: DaM5  actor: Kyo Machiko
movieId: DaM6  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: DaM6  actor: Lawrence Harvey
movieId: DaM6  actor: Eddie Fisher
movieId: DaM6  actor: Dina Merrill
movieId: DaM6  actor: Mildred Dunnock
movieId: DaM6  actor: Betty Field
movieId: DaM6  actor: Jeffrey Lynn
movieId: DaM6  actor: Kay Medford
movieId: DaM6  actor: Susan Oliver
movieId: DaM7  actor: Paul Muni
movieId: DaM7  actor: David Wayne
movieId: DaM7  actor: Betsy Palmer
movieId: DaM10  actor: Susan Hayward
movieId: DaM10  actor: Dean Martin
movieId: DaM10  actor: Wilfrid Hyde White
movieId: DaM10  actor: Ralph Meeker
movieId: DaM10  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: DaM15  actor: James Coburn
movieId: DaM15  actor: Lee J. Cobb
movieId: DaM15  actor: Gila Golan
movieId: DaM15  actor: Edward Mulhare
movieId: DaM15  actor: Benson Fong
movieId: DaM15  actor: Sigrid Vallis
movieId: DaM30  actor: Zero Mostel
movieId: DaM30  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: DaM30  actor: Stanley Holloway
movieId: DaM30  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: DaM30  actor: Donald Pleasance
movieId: DaM30  actor: Sam Waterston
movieId: DaM30  actor: Joseph Wiseman
movieId: DaM30  actor: Scott Marlowe
movieId: DaM30  actor: Yvette Mimieux
movieId: DaM30  actor: Richard Bennett
movieId: DaM35  actor: Elliot Gould
movieId: DaM35  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: DaM35  actor: Harry Guardino
movieId: DAP10  actor: James Carville
movieId: DAP10  actor: Bill Clinton
movieId: DAr10  actor: Sean Gullette
movieId: DAr10  actor: Ben Schenkman
movieId: DaT10  actor: Timothy Bottoms
movieId: DaT10  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: DaT10  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: DaT10  actor: Diane Varsi
movieId: DaV1  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: DaV1  actor: Nathalie Baye
movieId: DaV1  actor: Sylvie Meda
movieId: DaV1  actor: Maurice Barrier
movieId: DaV1  actor: s a
movieId: DaV1  actor: s a
movieId: DAz5  actor: Clara Bow
movieId: DAz5  actor: Fredric March
movieId: DAz5  actor: Jack Oakie
movieId: DAz5  actor: Phillips Holmes
movieId: DAz5  actor: Marcelline Day
movieId: DAz5  actor: Joyce Compton
movieId: DAz5  actor: Jack Luden
movieId: DAz5  actor: Adreinne Dore
movieId: DAz5  actor: Shirley OHara
movieId: DAz6  actor: Ruth Chatterton
movieId: DAz6  actor: Fredric March
movieId: DAz6  actor: Fuller Melish~jr
movieId: DAz6  actor: Gilbert Emery
movieId: DAz6  actor: Doris lloyd
movieId: DAz6  actor: William Stack
movieId: DAz6  actor: Phillipe DeLacy
movieId: DAz21  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: DAz21  actor: Colin Clive
movieId: DAz21  actor: Billie Burke
movieId: DAz21  actor: Helen Chandler
movieId: DAz21  actor: Ralph Forbes
movieId: DAz21  actor: Jack LaRue
movieId: DAz23  actor: Anna Sten
movieId: DAz23  actor: Lionel Attwill
movieId: DAz23  actor: Phillips Holmes
movieId: DAz23  actor: Richard Bennett
movieId: DAz23  actor: Mae Clarke
movieId: DAz23  actor: Muriel Kikland
movieId: DAz23  actor: Reginald Owen
movieId: DAz23  actor: Jessie Ralph
movieId: DAz35  actor: Maureen OHara
movieId: DAz35  actor: Lucille Ball
movieId: DAz35  actor: Louis Hayward
movieId: DAz35  actor: Harold Huber
movieId: DAz35  actor: Maria Ouspenskaya
movieId: DAz35  actor: Virginia Field
movieId: DAz35  actor: Katherine Alexander
movieId: DAz35  actor: Mary Carlisle
movieId: DAz35  actor: Edward Brophy
movieId: DAz35  actor: Walter Abel
movieId: DAz35  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: DAz35  actor: Emma Dunn
movieId: DAz35  actor: Ernest Truex
movieId: DAz35  actor: Chester Clute
movieId: DBd10  actor: John Hurt
movieId: DBd10  actor: Jeremy Kemp
movieId: DBd10  actor: Judi Bowker
movieId: DBl10  actor: Cathianne Blore
movieId: DBl10  actor: Christopher Plummer
movieId: DBl10  actor: Dom DeLuise
movieId: DBl10  actor: Madeleine Kahn
movieId: DBl15  actor: James Stewart
movieId: DBl20  actor: Jodi Bensen
movieId: DBl20  actor: Carol Channing
movieId: DBl20  actor: Charo
movieId: DBl20  actor: Gilbert Gottfried
movieId: DBl24  actor: Hank Azaria
movieId: DBl24  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: DBl24  actor: John Cusack
movieId: DBl24  actor: Kelsey Grammer
movieId: DBl24  actor: Christopher Lloyd
movieId: DBl24  actor: Bernadette Peters
movieId: DBl24  actor: Kirsten Dunst
movieId: DBl24  actor: Angela Lansbury
movieId: DBo6  actor: Kerry Fox
movieId: DBo6  actor: Christopher Eccleston
movieId: DBo6  actor: Ewan McGregor
movieId: DBo10  actor: Ewan McGregor
movieId: DBo10  actor: Ewen Bremner
movieId: DBo10  actor: Jonny Lee Miller
movieId: DBo10  actor: Robert Carlyle
movieId: DBo10  actor: Kelly Macdonald
movieId: DBo10  actor: Shirley Henderson
movieId: DBo12  actor: Ewan McGregor
movieId: DBo12  actor: Ian Holm
movieId: DBo12  actor: Cameron Diaz
movieId: DBo12  actor: Holly Hunter
movieId: DBo12  actor: Delroy Lindo
movieId: DBo12  actor: Dan Hedaya
movieId: DBo15  actor: Leonardo DiCaprio
movieId: DBo15  actor: Robert Carlyle
movieId: DBo15  actor: Virginie Ledoyen
movieId: DBo15  actor: Guillaune Canet
movieId: DBo15  actor: Tilda Swinton
movieId: DBr5  actor: May Robson
movieId: DBr5  actor: Walter Connolly
movieId: DBr10  actor: Lloyd Nolan
movieId: DBr10  actor: Jaen Rogers
movieId: DBr10  actor: Richard Clarke
movieId: DBr10  actor: Eric Blore
movieId: DBr10  actor: Mae Marsh
movieId: DBu10  actor: Pola Negri
movieId: DBu10  actor: Ben Lyon
movieId: DbW10  actor: Keeley Hawes
movieId: DBy1  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: DBy2  actor: Jeffrey Hunter
movieId: DBy2  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: DBy4  actor: George Murphy
movieId: DBy4  actor: Nacy Davis
movieId: DBy4  actor: Billy Gray
movieId: DBy4  actor: Kurt Kasznar
movieId: DBy4  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: DBy10  actor: s a
movieId: DBy10  actor: s a
movieId: DBy10  actor: Audrey Caire
movieId: DBy10  actor: Walter Stocker
movieId: DBy10  actor: Nestor Paiva
movieId: DBy10  actor: s a
movieId: DCa5  actor: James Fox
movieId: DCa5  actor: Mick Jagger
movieId: DCa5  actor: Anita Pallenberg
movieId: DCa5  actor: Michele Breton
movieId: DCa10  actor: Julie Christie
movieId: DCa10  actor: Fritz Weaver
movieId: DCa10  actor: Gerrit Graham
movieId: DCa10  actor: Berry Kroeger
movieId: DCa10  actor: Lisa Lu
movieId: DCb10  actor: Elizabeth Alexander
movieId: DCb10  actor: John Hargreaves
movieId: DCb10  actor: Cecil Holmes
movieId: DCh10  actor: Todd Armstrong
movieId: DCh10  actor: Honor Blackman
movieId: DCh10  actor: Niall McGinnis
movieId: DCh10  actor: Andrew Faulds
movieId: DCh10  actor: Nancy Kovack
movieId: DCh10  actor: Gary Raymond
movieId: DCh15  actor: Raquel Welch
movieId: DCh15  actor: Martine Beswick
movieId: DCh15  actor: John Richardson
movieId: DCh25  actor: Julie Ege
movieId: DCn10  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: DCn10  actor: Armand Assante
movieId: DCn10  actor: Rod Scheider
movieId: DCn10  actor: Max vonBulow
movieId: DCn12  actor: Jennifer LoveHewitt
movieId: DCn12  actor: Brandy
movieId: DCn12  actor: Mekhi Phifer
movieId: DCn12  actor: Matthew Settle
movieId: DCr10  actor: Marylin Chambers
movieId: DCr14  actor: Samantha Eggert
movieId: DCr14  actor: s a
movieId: DCr15  actor: Patrick McGoohan
movieId: DCr15  actor: Jennifer ONeill
movieId: DCr15  actor: Stephen Lack
movieId: DCr17  actor: Christopher Walken
movieId: DCr17  actor: Tom Skerritt
movieId: DCr17  actor: Brooke Adams
movieId: DCr17  actor: Martin Sheen
movieId: DCr17  actor: Anthony Scherbe
movieId: DCr18  actor: James Woods
movieId: DCr18  actor: Deborah Harry
movieId: DCr18  actor: Sonja Smits
movieId: DCr18  actor: Peter Dvorsky
movieId: DCr18  actor: Jack Creley
movieId: DCr18  actor: Lynee Gorman
movieId: DCr19  actor: William Smith
movieId: DCr19  actor: Claudia Jennings
movieId: DCr19  actor: John Saxon
movieId: DCr20  actor: Jeff Goldblum
movieId: DCr20  actor: Geena Davis
movieId: DCr20  actor: John Getz
movieId: DCr22  actor: Jeremy Irons
movieId: DCr22  actor: Jeremy Irons
movieId: DCr22  actor: Genvieve Bujold
movieId: DCr25  actor: Peter Weller
movieId: DCr25  actor: Judy Davis
movieId: DCr25  actor: Judy Davis
movieId: DCr25  actor: Ian Holm
movieId: DCr25  actor: Roy Scheider
movieId: DCr25  actor: Nicholas Campbell
movieId: DCr25  actor: Michael Zelniker
movieId: DCr25  actor: s a
movieId: DCr30  actor: Jeremy Irons
movieId: DCr30  actor: John Lone
movieId: DCr35  actor: James Spader
movieId: DCr35  actor: Holly Hunter
movieId: DCr35  actor: Elias Koteas
movieId: DCr35  actor: Deborah Kara Unger
movieId: DCr35  actor: Rosanna Arquette
movieId: DCr37  actor: Jennifer Jason Leigh
movieId: DCr37  actor: Jude Law
movieId: DCr37  actor: Christopher Eccleston
movieId: DCr37  actor: Ian Holm
movieId: DCs1  actor: Jonathan Frid
movieId: DCs1  actor: Joan Bennett
movieId: DCs1  actor: Grayson Hall
movieId: DCs1  actor: Kathryn Leigh Scott
movieId: DCs1  actor: Roger Davis
movieId: DCs1  actor: Nancy Barret
movieId: DCs1  actor: Thayer David
movieId: DCs1  actor: John Karlen
movieId: DCs1  actor: Kate Jackson
movieId: DCs1  actor: David Selby
movieId: DCs10  actor: Jack Palance
movieId: DCs10  actor: Fiona Lewis
movieId: DCs10  actor: Nigel Davenport
movieId: DCs10  actor: Simon Ward
movieId: DCs10  actor: s a
movieId: DCs10  actor: George Pravda
movieId: DCs10  actor: HannaMaria Pravda
movieId: DCs10  actor: Virginia Wetherall
movieId: DCs12  actor: Oliver Reed
movieId: DCs12  actor: Karen Black
movieId: DCs12  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: DCs12  actor: Lee Montgomery
movieId: DCs12  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: DCs12  actor: Eileen Heckart
movieId: DCs30  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: DCs30  actor: Jane Seymour
movieId: DCs30  actor: Hart Bochner
movieId: DCs30  actor: Victoria Tennant
movieId: DCs30  actor: Polly Bergen
movieId: DCs30  actor: David Dukes
movieId: DCs30  actor: Sharon Stone
movieId: DCs30  actor: Barry Bostwick
movieId: DCs30  actor: Sauri Frey
movieId: DCs30  actor: Topol
movieId: DCs30  actor: John RhysDavies
movieId: DCs30  actor: Ian McShane
movieId: DCs30  actor: William Schallert
movieId: DCs30  actor: Bill Wallis
movieId: DCs30  actor: Jeremy Kemp
movieId: DCs30  actor: Steven Berkoff
movieId: DCs30  actor: Robert Hardy
movieId: DCs30  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: DCs30  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: DCs30  actor: Michael Anthony
movieId: DCs30  actor: R.G. Armstrong
movieId: DCs30  actor: William Bergen
movieId: DCs30  actor: Kenneth Colley
movieId: DCs30  actor: Dan Collier
movieId: DCs30  actor: Plett Creighton
movieId: DCs30  actor: William Doherty
movieId: DCs30  actor: Nina Foch
movieId: DCs30  actor: H.Richard Greene
movieId: DCs30  actor: Joachim Hauser
movieId: DCs30  actor: Leslie Hope
movieId: DCs30  actor: Ian Jenble
movieId: DCs30  actor: Harold Kaskel
movieId: DCs30  actor: Hardy Kruger
movieId: DCs30  actor: Paul Lambert
movieId: DCs30  actor: Charles Lane
movieId: DCs30  actor: John Malcolm
movieId: DCs30  actor: Michael Melling
movieId: DCs30  actor: Barry Moore
movieId: DCs30  actor: Robert Morley
movieId: DCs30  actor: Natalie Nogulich
movieId: DCs30  actor: Wolfgang Preiss
movieId: DCs30  actor: William Prince
movieId: DCs30  actor: Donald Stewart
movieId: DCs30  actor: Geoffrey Toonen
movieId: DCs30  actor: Peter Vaughn
movieId: DCs30  actor: Michael Wolf
movieId: DDa10  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: DDa10  actor: Maggie Smith
movieId: DDa10  actor: Claire Bloom
movieId: DDa10  actor: Ursula Andress
movieId: DDa10  actor: Jack Gwyllim
movieId: DDa10  actor: Harry Hamlin
movieId: DDa10  actor: Judy Bowker
movieId: DDa10  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: DDa10  actor: Flora Robson
movieId: DDB10  actor: Chiara Mastroianni
movieId: DDB10  actor: Melvil Poupaud
movieId: DDe10  actor: Helen Shaver
movieId: DDe10  actor: Andra Akers
movieId: DDe10  actor: Audra Lindley
movieId: DDg10  actor: Adam Sandler
movieId: DDg13  actor: Adam Sandler
movieId: DDg13  actor: Joey Lauren Adams
movieId: DDg13  actor: Jon Stewart
movieId: DDg13  actor: Leslie Mann
movieId: DDg13  actor: Josh Mostel
movieId: DDg13  actor: Cole Sprouse
movieId: DDg13  actor: Dylan Sprouse
movieId: DDg13  actor: s a
movieId: DDk10  actor: Vince Vaughn
movieId: DDk10  actor: Joaquin Phoenix
movieId: DDk10  actor: janeane Garofalo
movieId: DDk10  actor: Georgina Cates
movieId: DDo20  actor: Hansa Czpionka
movieId: DDo20  actor: Ozay
movieId: DDo20  actor: Doris Kuntsman
movieId: DDo20  actor: Lambert Hamel
movieId: DDo20  actor: Omer Simsek
movieId: DDo20  actor: Ulrich Wesselman
movieId: DDo25  actor: Otto Sander
movieId: DDo25  actor: Uwe Ochsenknecht
movieId: DDo25  actor: Gottfried John
movieId: DDo25  actor: Senta Berger
movieId: DDo25  actor: Maria Schrader
movieId: DdP10  actor: Jaques Weber
movieId: DDu10  actor: Rip Torn
movieId: DDu10  actor: Ahna Capri
movieId: DDu10  actor: Michael Gwynne
movieId: DDu10  actor: Elayne Heilwveil
movieId: DDu15  actor: Elliott Gould
movieId: DDu15  actor: Christopher Plummer
movieId: DDu15  actor: Susannah York
movieId: DDu15  actor: Gelaine Lomerez
movieId: DdV1  actor: Danny deVito
movieId: DdV1  actor: Billy Crystal
movieId: DdV1  actor: Ann Ramsey
movieId: DdV2  actor: Kathleen Turner
movieId: DdV2  actor: Michael Douglas
movieId: DdV2  actor: Danny deVito
movieId: DdV2  actor: s a
movieId: DdV4  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: DdV4  actor: Danny deVito
movieId: DdV4  actor: Armand Assante
movieId: DdV4  actor: J.T. Walsh
movieId: DdV4  actor: Kevin Anderson
movieId: DDW10  actor: Lillian Folley
movieId: DDW10  actor: Wilhamenia Dickins
movieId: DDy10  actor: Cameron Mitchell
movieId: DDy10  actor: Kelly Nichols
movieId: DDy10  actor: Pamelyn Ferdin
movieId: DDy10  actor: Aneta Corseau
movieId: DDy10  actor: Wesley Ure
movieId: DeA10  actor: Lothaire Bluteau
movieId: DeA10  actor: Billes Pelletier
movieId: DeA10  actor: s a
movieId: DeD18  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: DeD18  actor: John Garfield
movieId: DeD18  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: DeD18  actor: John Ridgely
movieId: DeD18  actor: Dane Clark
movieId: DeD18  actor: Warner Anderson
movieId: DeD18  actor: Peter Whitney
movieId: DeD18  actor: William Prince
movieId: DeD18  actor: Robert Hutton
movieId: DeD18  actor: Tom Tully
movieId: DeD18  actor: Faye Emerson
movieId: DeD18  actor: John Forsythe
movieId: DeD30  actor: Joan Leslie
movieId: DeD30  actor: Robert Hutton
movieId: DeD30  actor: Dane Clark
movieId: DeD30  actor: Janis Paige
movieId: DeD30  actor: The Andrews~Sisters
movieId: DeD30  actor: Jack Benny
movieId: DeD30  actor: Joe E. Brown
movieId: DeD30  actor: Eddie Cantor
movieId: DeD30  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: DeD30  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: DeD30  actor: John Garfield
movieId: DeD30  actor: Sidney Greenstreet
movieId: DeD30  actor: Paul Henreid
movieId: DeD30  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: DeD30  actor: Ida Lupino
movieId: DeD30  actor: Dennis Morgan
movieId: DeD30  actor: Roy Rogers
movieId: DeD30  actor: S.Z. Sakall
movieId: DeD30  actor: Alexis Smith
movieId: DeD30  actor: Barbara Stanwyck
movieId: DeD30  actor: Jane Wyman
movieId: DeD40  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: DeD40  actor: Lon McCallister
movieId: DeD40  actor: Judith Anderson
movieId: DeD42  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: DeD42  actor: Lauren Bacall
movieId: DeD42  actor: Bruce Bennett
movieId: DeD42  actor: Agnes Morehead
movieId: DeD42  actor: Tom dAndrea
movieId: DeD42  actor: Housely Stevenson
movieId: DeD42  actor: Douglas Kennedy
movieId: DeD42  actor: Clifton Young
movieId: DeD42  actor: Rory Mallinson
movieId: DeD50  actor: James Stewart
movieId: DeD50  actor: Jeff Chandler
movieId: DeD50  actor: Debra Paget
movieId: DeD50  actor: Basil Ruysdael
movieId: DeD50  actor: Will Geer
movieId: DeD50  actor: Arthur Humicutt
movieId: DeD50  actor: Jay Silverheels
movieId: DeD57  actor: Alan Ladd
movieId: DeD57  actor: Franco Fabrizi
movieId: DeD60  actor: Glenn Ford
movieId: DeD60  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: DeD60  actor: Felicia Farr
movieId: DeD60  actor: Rod Steiger
movieId: DeD60  actor: Valerie French
movieId: DeD60  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: DeD60  actor: Noah Beery~jr.
movieId: DeD62  actor: Glenn Ford
movieId: DeD62  actor: Van Heflin
movieId: DeD62  actor: Felicia Farr
movieId: DeD62  actor: Leora Dana
movieId: DeD62  actor: Henry Jones
movieId: DeD62  actor: Richard Jaeckel
movieId: DeD62  actor: Robert Emhardt
movieId: DeD65  actor: Alan Ladd
movieId: DeD65  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: DeD65  actor: Katy Jurado
movieId: DeD65  actor: Claire Kelly
movieId: DeD65  actor: Kent Smith
movieId: DeD65  actor: Jeremiah Persoff
movieId: DeD65  actor: Robert Emhardt
movieId: DeD75  actor: s a
movieId: DeD75  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: DeD75  actor: Jane Wyman
movieId: DeD75  actor: s a
movieId: DeD75  actor: s a
movieId: DeD75  actor: s a
movieId: DeD75  actor: s a
movieId: DeD77  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: DeD77  actor: Maureen OHara
movieId: DeD77  actor: John Mc
movieId: DeD77  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: DeD77  actor: Mimsey Farmer
movieId: DeD77  actor: Virginia Green
movieId: DeH10  actor: Cameron Mitchell
movieId: DeH10  actor: Yvonne DeCarlo
movieId: DeH10  actor: Rebecca Balding
movieId: DeH10  actor: Avery Schreiber
movieId: DeH10  actor: Barbara Steele
movieId: DeJ10  actor: Adam Ant
movieId: DeJ10  actor: Toyah Willcox
movieId: DeJ10  actor: Jenny Runacre
movieId: DeJ10  actor: Little Nell
movieId: DeJ10  actor: Hermine Demoriane
movieId: DeJ28  actor: Steve Waddington
movieId: DeJ28  actor: Andrew Tiernan
movieId: DeJ28  actor: Tilda Swinton
movieId: DeJ28  actor: Jody Graber
movieId: DeJ28  actor: s a
movieId: DeJ28  actor: Annie Lennox
movieId: DeJ28  actor: Outrage
movieId: DeJ32  actor: Derek Jarman
movieId: DeJ32  actor: Tilda Swinton
movieId: DeJ32  actor: John Quentin
movieId: DEl10  actor: David Schwimmer
movieId: DEl10  actor: Mili Avital
movieId: DEl10  actor: Jason Lee
movieId: DEl10  actor: Vanessa Angel
movieId: DEl10  actor: Karl Wuhrer
movieId: DEl10  actor: Bonnie Hunt
movieId: DeM1  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: DeM1  actor: Betsy Blair
movieId: DeM1  actor: Esther Minciotti
movieId: DeM1  actor: Augusta Ciolli
movieId: DeM1  actor: Joe Mantell
movieId: DeM1  actor: Karen Steele
movieId: DeM1  actor: Jerry Paris
movieId: DeM1  actor: Howard Caine
movieId: DeM1  actor: Minerva Urecal
movieId: DeM2  actor: Don Murray
movieId: DeM2  actor: E.G. Marshall
movieId: DeM2  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: DeM2  actor: Philip Abbott
movieId: DeM2  actor: Larry Blyden
movieId: DeM2  actor: Patricia Smith
movieId: DeM2  actor: Carolyn Jones
movieId: DeM4  actor: Sophia Loren
movieId: DeM4  actor: Burl Ives
movieId: DeM4  actor: Anthony Perkins
movieId: DeM4  actor: Frank overton
movieId: DeM4  actor: Pernell Roberts
movieId: DeM4  actor: Anne Seymour
movieId: DeM8  actor: Doris Day
movieId: DeM8  actor: Rock Hudson
movieId: DeM8  actor: Tony Randall
movieId: DeM8  actor: Jack Oakie
movieId: DeM8  actor: Edie Adams
movieId: DeM10  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: DeM10  actor: Doris Day
movieId: DeM10  actor: Gig Young
movieId: DeM10  actor: Audre Meadows
movieId: DeM10  actor: Dick Sargent
movieId: DeM10  actor: John Astin
movieId: DeM17  actor: John Hurt
movieId: DeM17  actor: Jane Alexander
movieId: DeM17  actor: Glynnis OConnor
movieId: DeM20  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: DeM20  actor: Rita Hayworth
movieId: DeM20  actor: David Niven
movieId: DeM20  actor: Deborah Kerr
movieId: DeM20  actor: Wendy Hiller
movieId: DeM20  actor: Gladys Cooper
movieId: DeM20  actor: Cathleen Nesbitt
movieId: DeM20  actor: Felix Aylmer
movieId: DeM20  actor: Rod Taylor
movieId: DeM20  actor: Audrey Dalton
movieId: DeM20  actor: May Hallatt
movieId: DeR10  actor: Diane Salinger
movieId: DeR10  actor: John Calvin
movieId: DeR10  actor: Anthony Peck
movieId: DeR10  actor: Wallace Shawn
movieId: DeR10  actor: Colleen Camp
movieId: DeR10  actor: Priscilla Pointer
movieId: DeS10  actor: Mario VanPeebles
movieId: DeS10  actor: Christopher Lambert
movieId: DFg10  actor: Gerard Jugnot
movieId: DFg10  actor: Thierry Lhermite
movieId: DFg10  actor: Aure Atika
movieId: DFi10  actor: Sigourney Weaver
movieId: DFi10  actor: Lance Henriksen
movieId: DFi10  actor: Charles S. Dutton
movieId: DFi10  actor: Charles Dance
movieId: DFi10  actor: Paul mcGann
movieId: DFi10  actor: Brian Glover
movieId: DFi10  actor: Ralph Brown
movieId: DFi10  actor: Danny Webb
movieId: DFi10  actor: Christopher John Fields
movieId: DFi15  actor: Brad Pitt
movieId: DFi15  actor: Gwyneth Paltrow
movieId: DFi15  actor: Morgan Freeman
movieId: DFi15  actor: Pam Tyson
movieId: DFi17  actor: Michael Douglas
movieId: DFi17  actor: Sean Penn
movieId: DFi17  actor: Deborah Unger
movieId: DGi10  actor: George Segal
movieId: DGi10  actor: St\'ephane Audran
movieId: DGi10  actor: Elisha Cook~jr
movieId: DGi10  actor: Lee Patrick
movieId: DGr1  actor: Phil Collins
movieId: DGr1  actor: Julia Walters
movieId: DGr1  actor: Larry Lamb
movieId: DGr1  actor: Stephanie Lawrence
movieId: DGr1  actor: Ellen Beaven
movieId: DGr1  actor: Michael Atwill
movieId: DGr1  actor: Ralph Brown
movieId: DGr1  actor: Martin Jarvis
movieId: DGr1  actor: Anthony Quayle
movieId: DH5  actor: Mathilda May
movieId: DH5  actor: Klaus Maria Brandauer
movieId: DH5  actor: Virgina Madsen
movieId: DH5  actor: Paul Rhys
movieId: DHa2  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: DHa2  actor: Betsy Drake
movieId: DHa2  actor: Franchot Tone
movieId: DHa2  actor: Alan Mowbray
movieId: DHa2  actor: Elizabeth Bisbon
movieId: DHa2  actor: s a
movieId: DHa2  actor: s a
movieId: DHa5  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: DHa5  actor: Janet Leigh
movieId: DHa5  actor: Wendell Corey
movieId: DHa5  actor: Griff Barnett
movieId: DHa5  actor: Esther Dale
movieId: DHa7  actor: Lan Turner
movieId: DHa7  actor: Enzio Pinza
movieId: DHa7  actor: Marjorie Main
movieId: DHa7  actor: Barry Sullivan
movieId: DHa7  actor: Cedric Hardwicke
movieId: DHa7  actor: Debbie Reynolds
movieId: DHe10  actor: Sandra Dee
movieId: DHe10  actor: Dean Stockwell
movieId: DHe10  actor: Ed Begley
movieId: DHe10  actor: Lloyd Bochner
movieId: DHe10  actor: Sam Jaffe
movieId: DHe10  actor: Talia Shire
movieId: DHg10  actor: Pamela Anderson
movieId: DHi10  actor: Miles OKeefe
movieId: DHi10  actor: Sabrina Siami
movieId: DHi10  actor: Warren Hillman
movieId: DHL1  actor: Robert Englund
movieId: DHL1  actor: Jill Schoeler
movieId: DHL1  actor: Alex HydeWhite
movieId: DHL1  actor: Bill Nighy
movieId: DHL6  actor: Roger E. Mosely
movieId: DHL6  actor: Ken Lerner
movieId: DHL6  actor: Deborah Offner
movieId: DHL6  actor: Carmen Argenziano
movieId: DHL6  actor: Andy Romand
movieId: DHL10  actor: Jason James Richter
movieId: DHL10  actor: Michael Madsen
movieId: DHL10  actor: August Schellenberg
movieId: DHL10  actor: Mary Kate Schellhardt
movieId: DHL10  actor: Jon Turner
movieId: DHL10  actor: Mykelta Williamson
movieId: DHL10  actor: Francis Capra
movieId: DHo1  actor: Peter Fonda
movieId: DHo1  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: DHo1  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: DHo1  actor: Phil Spector
movieId: DHo1  actor: Karen Black
movieId: DHo1  actor: Tony Basil
movieId: DHo1  actor: Luke Askew
movieId: DHo1  actor: Warren Finnerty
movieId: DHo1  actor: Tita Colorado
movieId: DHo1  actor: Luana Anders
movieId: DHo1  actor: Sabrina Scharf
movieId: DHo1  actor: Sandy Wyeth
movieId: DHo1  actor: Robert Walker
movieId: DHo1  actor: Keith Green
movieId: DHo1  actor: Hayward Robillard
movieId: DHo1  actor: Arnold Hess~jr.
movieId: DHo18  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: DHo18  actor: Linda Manz
movieId: DHo18  actor: Sharon Farell
movieId: DHo18  actor: Don Gordon
movieId: DHo18  actor: Raymond Burr
movieId: DHo22  actor: Jodie Foster
movieId: DHo22  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: DHo22  actor: John Turturro
movieId: DHo22  actor: Dean Stockwell
movieId: DHo22  actor: Joe Pesci
movieId: DHo22  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: DHo22  actor: Bob Dylan
movieId: DHo22  actor: Charlie Sheen
movieId: DHr10  actor: Goldie Hawn
movieId: DHr10  actor: John Heard
movieId: DHr12  actor: Ellen Barkin
movieId: DHr12  actor: Laurence Fishburne
movieId: DHr12  actor: Frank Langella
movieId: DHr12  actor: Michael Beach
movieId: DHr12  actor: Gia Carides
movieId: DHx10  actor: Matthew Carriere
movieId: DHx10  actor: Carol Laure
movieId: DiK10  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: DiK10  actor: Lisa Kudrow
movieId: DiK10  actor: Holly Hunter
movieId: DiK10  actor: Diane Keaton
movieId: DiK10  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: DIl10  actor: Renee Zellweger
movieId: DIl10  actor: Vincent Donofria
movieId: DIr5  actor: John Heard
movieId: DIr5  actor: Daniel Stern
movieId: DIr10  actor: Brian Robbins
movieId: DIr10  actor: Bill Calvert
movieId: DIr10  actor: Fisher
movieId: DIr10  actor: Gerrit Graham
movieId: DIr10  actor: Larry Cedar
movieId: DIr10  actor: Bianca Jagger
movieId: DIr10  actor: Larry linville
movieId: DIr10  actor: Judd Omen
movieId: DIr10  actor: Joe Ann Deering
movieId: DIr10  actor: June Ludehart
movieId: DIr10  actor: Robert Vaughn
movieId: DiS10  actor: Eric Schaeffer
movieId: DJR10  actor: Whoopi Goldberg
movieId: DJR10  actor: Leleti Khumalo
movieId: DJR10  actor: Miriam Makeba
movieId: DJR15  actor: Ice Cube
movieId: DJR15  actor: Elizbeth Hurley
movieId: DJR15  actor: Ving Rhames
movieId: DKl10  actor: Don Wilson
movieId: DKl10  actor: Meg Foster
movieId: DKl10  actor: Christopher Penn
movieId: DKl10  actor: Eb Lottimer
movieId: DKl10  actor: Al Ruscio
movieId: DKl10  actor: Jeff Pomerantz
movieId: DKl10  actor: Linda Dona
movieId: DkP3  actor: June Allyson
movieId: DkP3  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: DkP3  actor: Charles Bickford
movieId: DkP3  actor: Jim Backus
movieId: DkP3  actor: Stubby Kaye
movieId: DkP3  actor: Paul Gilbert
movieId: DkP3  actor: Allyn Joslyn
movieId: DkP4  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: DkP4  actor: Curt Jurgens
movieId: DkP4  actor: David Hedison
movieId: DkP4  actor: Theodore Bikel
movieId: DkP4  actor: s a
movieId: DkP4  actor: s a
movieId: DkP4  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: DkP5  actor: Robert Wagner
movieId: DkP5  actor: Mai Britt
movieId: DkP5  actor: Richard Egan
movieId: DKu1  actor: Isabelle Huppert
movieId: DKu1  actor: MiouMiou
movieId: DKu1  actor: Guy Marchand
movieId: DKu5  actor: Isabelle Huppert
movieId: DKu10  actor: Isabelle Huppert
movieId: DKu10  actor: Bernard Giraudeau
movieId: DKu10  actor: Lio
movieId: DKu10  actor: Hippolyte Giradot
movieId: DKu10  actor: Lane Killing
movieId: DKu10  actor: Phillipe Levree
movieId: DKu10  actor: Judith Reral
movieId: DKu10  actor: Yara Atta
movieId: DKu10  actor: Ingrid Held
movieId: DL1  actor: Noel Coward
movieId: DL1  actor: Bernard Miles
movieId: DL1  actor: John Mills
movieId: DL1  actor: Richard Attenborough
movieId: DL1  actor: Celia Johnson
movieId: DL1  actor: Kay Walsh
movieId: DL1  actor: Michael Wilding
movieId: DL3  actor: Rex Harrison
movieId: DL3  actor: Kay Hammond
movieId: DL3  actor: Constance Cummings
movieId: DL3  actor: Margaret Rutherford
movieId: DL3  actor: Hugh Wakefield
movieId: DL3  actor: Joyce Carey
movieId: DL4  actor: Celia Johnson
movieId: DL4  actor: Trevor Howard
movieId: DL4  actor: Stanley Holloway
movieId: DL4  actor: Joyce Carey
movieId: DL4  actor: Cyril Raymond
movieId: DL5  actor: John Mills
movieId: DL5  actor: Bernard Miles
movieId: DL5  actor: Finlay Currie
movieId: DL5  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: DL5  actor: Valerie Hobson
movieId: DL5  actor: Francis L. Sullivan
movieId: DL5  actor: Martita Hunt
movieId: DL5  actor: Jean Simmons
movieId: DL5  actor: Francis L. Sullivan
movieId: DL5  actor: Hay Petrie
movieId: DL5  actor: Eileen Erskine
movieId: DL5  actor: Anthony Wager
movieId: DL5  actor: Ivor Barnard
movieId: DL5  actor: Freda Jackson
movieId: DL5  actor: O.B. Clarence
movieId: DL5  actor: George Hayes
movieId: DL5  actor: Torin Thatcher
movieId: DL6  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: DL6  actor: Anthony Newley
movieId: DL6  actor: s a
movieId: DL6  actor: Diana Dors
movieId: DL7  actor: Ann Todd
movieId: DL7  actor: Trevor Howard
movieId: DL7  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: DL7  actor: Betty Ann Davies
movieId: DL7  actor: Isabel Dean
movieId: DL7  actor: Arthur Howard
movieId: DL7  actor: Wlfrid Hyde White
movieId: DL9  actor: Ralph Richardson
movieId: DL9  actor: Nigel Patrick
movieId: DL9  actor: Ann Todd
movieId: DL9  actor: John Justin
movieId: DL9  actor: Dinah Sheridan
movieId: DL9  actor: Joseph Tomelty
movieId: DL9  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: DL10  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: DL10  actor: Brenda deBanzie
movieId: DL10  actor: John Mills
movieId: DL10  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: DL11  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: DL11  actor: Rossano Brazzi
movieId: DL12  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: DL12  actor: Jack Hawkins
movieId: DL12  actor: William Holden
movieId: DL12  actor: Sessue Hayakawa
movieId: DL12  actor: James Donald
movieId: DL12  actor: Geoffrey Horne
movieId: DL12  actor: Andre Morell
movieId: DL12  actor: Percy Herbert
movieId: DL12  actor: s a
movieId: DL13  actor: Peter OToole
movieId: DL13  actor: Omar Sharif
movieId: DL13  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: DL13  actor: Jos\'e Ferrer
movieId: DL13  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: DL13  actor: Arthur Kennedy
movieId: DL13  actor: Jack Hawkins
movieId: DL13  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: DL13  actor: Anthony Quayle
movieId: DL13  actor: Donald Wolfit
movieId: DL13  actor: Gamil Ratib
movieId: DL13  actor: I.S. Johar
movieId: DL13  actor: Michael Ray
movieId: DL13  actor: John Dimes
movieId: DL13  actor: Zia Mohyeddin
movieId: DL13  actor: Howard Marion Crawford
movieId: DL13  actor: Jack Gwillin
movieId: DL13  actor: Hugh Midler
movieId: DL14  actor: Omar Sharif
movieId: DL14  actor: Julie Christie
movieId: DL14  actor: Geraldine Chaplin
movieId: DL14  actor: Rod Steiger
movieId: DL14  actor: Rita Tushingham
movieId: DL14  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: DL14  actor: Ralph Richardson
movieId: DL14  actor: Tom Courtenay
movieId: DL15  actor: Sarah Miles
movieId: DL15  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: DL15  actor: Christopher Jones
movieId: DL15  actor: John Mills
movieId: DL15  actor: Trevor Howard
movieId: DL15  actor: Leo McKern
movieId: DL15  actor: Barry Foster
movieId: DL16  actor: Judy Davis
movieId: DL16  actor: Victor Banerjee
movieId: DL16  actor: Peggy Ashcroft
movieId: DL16  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: DL16  actor: James Fox
movieId: DL16  actor: Nigel Haver
movieId: DL16  actor: Art Malik
movieId: DL16  actor: Amit Rao
movieId: DL16  actor: Michael Culver
movieId: DL16  actor: Saeed Jaffrey
movieId: DL16  actor: Roshan Seth
movieId: DL16  actor: Sandra Hotz
movieId: DL16  actor: Peter Hughes
movieId: DlB10  actor: Lina Basquette
movieId: DlB10  actor: Larry Groce
movieId: DlB10  actor: Johnny Paycheck
movieId: DlB10  actor: Dusty Rhodes
movieId: DlB10  actor: Porter Wagoner
movieId: DlB10  actor: Webb Wilder
movieId: DlB10  actor: Razzy Bailey
movieId: DlB10  actor: T.Graham Brown
movieId: DLD10  actor: Suzanne Pleshette
movieId: DLD10  actor: Dom DeLuise
movieId: DLD10  actor: Jerry Reed
movieId: DLD10  actor: Luis Avalos
movieId: DLD10  actor: Ossie Davis
movieId: DLD10  actor: Marc Lawrence
movieId: DLD10  actor: Dick Davalos
movieId: DLD10  actor: Alfie Wise
movieId: DLD10  actor: Bill McCutcheon
movieId: DLD10  actor: Sidney Lassick
movieId: DLD10  actor: Carol deLuise
movieId: DLD10  actor: Peter deLuise
movieId: DLD10  actor: David deLuise
movieId: DLe1  actor: Emily Lloyd
movieId: DLe2  actor: Catherine McCormack
movieId: DLe2  actor: Rachel Weisz
movieId: DLe2  actor: Anna Friel
movieId: DLe2  actor: Steven Mackintosh
movieId: DLi10  actor: Jon Favreau
movieId: DLi10  actor: Vince Vaughn
movieId: DLi13  actor: Sarah Polley
movieId: DLi13  actor: Timothy Olyphant
movieId: DLi13  actor: Jay Mohr
movieId: DLi13  actor: Scott Wolf
movieId: DLi13  actor: Desmond Askew
movieId: DLi13  actor: William Fichtner
movieId: DLi13  actor: Katie Holmes
movieId: DLi13  actor: Taye Diggs
movieId: DLi13  actor: Brickin Meyer
movieId: DLo10  actor: Jackie Gleason
movieId: DLo10  actor: Paul Williams
movieId: DLo10  actor: Jerry Reed
movieId: DLo10  actor: Pat McCormick
movieId: DLo10  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: DLo13  actor: Brooke Shields
movieId: DLo13  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: DLo13  actor: Tim Byrd
movieId: DLo13  actor: Bryan Kevin
movieId: DLo13  actor: s a
movieId: DLo19  actor: Stephen Baldwin
movieId: DLo19  actor: Julie Warner
movieId: DLo19  actor: James Coburn
movieId: DLo19  actor: s a
movieId: DLo19  actor: s a
movieId: DLo19  actor: s a
movieId: DLR3  actor: Bradford Dillman
movieId: DLR3  actor: Diana hyland
movieId: DLR3  actor: Mickey Sholdar
movieId: DLR3  actor: Ed Asner
movieId: DLR4  actor: Darren McGavin
movieId: DLR4  actor: Telly Savalas
movieId: DLR5  actor: Lana Turner
movieId: DLR5  actor: John Forsythe
movieId: DLR5  actor: Ricardo Montalban
movieId: DLR5  actor: Constance Bennett
movieId: DLR5  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: DLR5  actor: Keir Dullea
movieId: DLR5  actor: Virginia Grey
movieId: DLR5  actor: Warren Stevens
movieId: DLR10  actor: Alain Delon
movieId: DLR10  actor: Susan Blakley
movieId: DLR10  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: DLR10  actor: Sylvia Kristel
movieId: DLR10  actor: Robert Wagner
movieId: DLR10  actor: Eddie Albert
movieId: DLR10  actor: Bibi Anderson
movieId: DLR10  actor: John Davidson
movieId: DLR10  actor: Martha Raye
movieId: DLR10  actor: Cicely Tyson
movieId: DLR10  actor: Mercedes McCambridge
movieId: DLR15  actor: Efrem Zimbalist~jr.
movieId: DLR15  actor: Pat Crowley
movieId: DLR15  actor: Patty Duke Astin
movieId: DLu10  actor: Paolo Hendel
movieId: DLu10  actor: Giovanni Giudelli
movieId: DLv10  actor: Dani Levy
movieId: DLv10  actor: Maria Schrader
movieId: DLv10  actor: s a
movieId: DLv10  actor: Charles Kaminsky
movieId: DLy1  actor: John Nance
movieId: DLy1  actor: Charlotte Stewart
movieId: DLy2  actor: John Hurt
movieId: DLy2  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: DLy2  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: DLy2  actor: Anne Bancroft
movieId: DLy2  actor: Freddie Jones
movieId: DLy2  actor: Wendy Hiller
movieId: DLy2  actor: Michael Elphick
movieId: DLy2  actor: Hannah Gordon
movieId: DLy5  actor: Francesca Annis
movieId: DLy5  actor: Jose Ferrer
movieId: DLy5  actor: Sian Phillips
movieId: DLy5  actor: Brad Dourif
movieId: DLy5  actor: Dean Stockwell
movieId: DLy5  actor: Silvana Mangano
movieId: DLy5  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: DLy5  actor: Sting
movieId: DLy5  actor: Freddie Jones
movieId: DLy5  actor: Patrick Stewart
movieId: DLy8  actor: Kyle MacLachlan
movieId: DLy8  actor: Isabella Rosselini
movieId: DLy8  actor: Laura Dern
movieId: DLy8  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: DLy8  actor: Dean Stockwell
movieId: DLy8  actor: Hope Lange
movieId: DLy8  actor: Priscilla Pointer
movieId: DLy8  actor: Brad Dourif
movieId: DLy10  actor: Kyle MacLachlan
movieId: DLy10  actor: Peggy Lipton
movieId: DLy10  actor: Jack Nance
movieId: DLy10  actor: Russ Tamblyn
movieId: DLy10  actor: Joan Chen
movieId: DLy10  actor: Piper Laurie
movieId: DLy10  actor: Michael Ontkean
movieId: DLy10  actor: Lara Flynn Boyle
movieId: DLy12  actor: Nicholas Cage
movieId: DLy12  actor: Willem Dafoe
movieId: DLy12  actor: Laura Dern
movieId: DLy12  actor: Diane Ladd
movieId: DLy12  actor: Isabella Rosselini
movieId: DLy12  actor: Harry Dean Stanton
movieId: DLy12  actor: s a
movieId: DLy18  actor: Bill Pullman
movieId: DLy18  actor: Patricia Arquette
movieId: DLy18  actor: Balthazar Getty
movieId: DLy21  actor: Richard Farnsworth
movieId: DLy21  actor: s a
movieId: DLy21  actor: Sissy Spacek
movieId: DLZ10  actor: Ellen Burstyn
movieId: DLZ10  actor: Marcia Gay Harden
movieId: DLZ10  actor: Alison Elliott
movieId: DLZ10  actor: Will Patton
movieId: DLZ10  actor: Kieran Mulronet
movieId: DLZ10  actor: Gailard Sartan
movieId: DM100  actor: Gene Barry
movieId: DM100  actor: Darren McGavin
movieId: DM100  actor: Ellen Corby
movieId: DM101  actor: Pat Hitchcock
movieId: DM101  actor: Mary Forbes
movieId: DM101  actor: Geoffrey Toon
movieId: DM101  actor: Alan Napier
movieId: DM101  actor: Maurice Marsac
movieId: DM200  actor: Robert Vaughn
movieId: DM200  actor: David McCallum
movieId: DM200  actor: Leo G. Carroll
movieId: DM230  actor: Barbara McNair
movieId: DM230  actor: Sheree North
movieId: DM230  actor: Gerald S. OLoughlin
movieId: DMa10  actor: Don Ameche
movieId: DMa10  actor: Joe Mantegna
movieId: DMa13  actor: Joe Mantegna
movieId: DMa13  actor: William H. Macy
movieId: DMa20  actor: Campbell Scott
movieId: DMa20  actor: Ben Gazzara
movieId: DMa20  actor: Felicity Huffman
movieId: DMa20  actor: Ricky Jay
movieId: DMa20  actor: Steve Martin
movieId: DMa20  actor: Rebecca Pidgeon
movieId: DMa21  actor: Nigel Hawthorne
movieId: DMa21  actor: Rebecca Pidgeon
movieId: DMa21  actor: Guy Edwards
movieId: DMa21  actor: Gemma Jones
movieId: DMa21  actor: Colin Stinton
movieId: DMc1  actor: Jessica Lange
movieId: DMc1  actor: Geraldine Chaplin
movieId: DMc1  actor: Hugh Laurie
movieId: DMc1  actor: Bob Hoskins
movieId: DMc1  actor: Kelly Macdonald
movieId: DMc1  actor: Simon McBurney
movieId: DMc1  actor: Elizabeth Shue
movieId: DMD35  actor: Patricia Roe
movieId: DMD35  actor: Maxwell Reed
movieId: DMD35  actor: Duncan Macrae
movieId: DMD35  actor: Will Fyffe
movieId: DMD35  actor: Andrew Crawford
movieId: DMD35  actor: Finlay Currie
movieId: DMD40  actor: Fredric March
movieId: DMD40  actor: Florence Eldridge
movieId: DMD40  actor: Francis L. Sullivan
movieId: DMD40  actor: Kathleen Ryan
movieId: DMD40  actor: Derek Bond
movieId: DMD40  actor: Nora Swinburne
movieId: DMD40  actor: Abraham Sofaer
movieId: DMD40  actor: Linden Travers
movieId: DMD40  actor: James Robertson Justice
movieId: DMD40  actor: Dennis Vance
movieId: DMD40  actor: Felix Aylmer
movieId: DMD40  actor: Francis Lister
movieId: DMD40  actor: s a
movieId: DMD50  actor: George Baker
movieId: DMD50  actor: Sylvia Syms
movieId: DMD50  actor: Marius Goring
movieId: DMD50  actor: Peter Arne
movieId: DMD50  actor: Richard Leech
movieId: DMD50  actor: John LeMesurier
movieId: DMD50  actor: Clive Morton
movieId: DME10  actor: Tom Guiry
movieId: DME10  actor: Karen Allen
movieId: DME10  actor: Denis Leary
movieId: DME10  actor: Mike Vitar
movieId: DME10  actor: James Earl Jones
movieId: DME10  actor: s a
movieId: DME10  actor: Omar York
movieId: DME10  actor: s a
movieId: DME10  actor: Patrick Renna
movieId: DME13  actor: Sinbad
movieId: DME13  actor: Tomothy Birsfield
movieId: DME13  actor: James Naughton
movieId: DME13  actor: Bill Colls
movieId: DME13  actor: Lisa Eichman
movieId: DME13  actor: sa
movieId: DME13  actor: sa
movieId: DMH10  actor: Christopher Reid
movieId: DMH10  actor: Christopher Martin
movieId: DMH10  actor: Martin Lawrence
movieId: DMH10  actor: Tisha Campbell
movieId: DMH10  actor: Queen Latifah
movieId: DMH10  actor: Full Force
movieId: DMH10  actor: Iman
movieId: DMH10  actor: Georg Stanford Brown
movieId: DMH15  actor: Allen Paynel
movieId: DMH15  actor: Bokeem Woodbine
movieId: DMH15  actor: Jada Pinkett
movieId: DMi15  actor: Harpo Marx
movieId: DMi15  actor: Groucho Marx
movieId: DMi15  actor: Ilona Massey
movieId: DMi15  actor: Eric Blore
movieId: DMi15  actor: Paul Valentine
movieId: DMi15  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: DMi15  actor: Chico Marx
movieId: DMi15  actor: VeraEllen
movieId: DMi15  actor: Marion Hutton
movieId: DMi15  actor: Raymond Burr
movieId: DMi15  actor: Melville Cooper
movieId: DMi25  actor: June Allyson
movieId: DMi25  actor: Dolores Gray
movieId: DMi25  actor: Joan Collins
movieId: DMi25  actor: Anne Sheridan
movieId: DMi25  actor: Agnes Moorehead
movieId: DMi25  actor: Joan Blondell
movieId: DMi25  actor: Leslie Nielsen
movieId: DMi25  actor: Jeff Richards
movieId: DMi25  actor: Jim Backus
movieId: DMi25  actor: Harry James
movieId: DMi27  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: DMi27  actor: Heather Sears
movieId: DMi27  actor: Rossanno Brazzi
movieId: DMi27  actor: Ron Randell
movieId: DMi27  actor: Lee Patrick
movieId: DMi27  actor: Fay Compton
movieId: DMi27  actor: John Loder
movieId: DMi27  actor: Dennis ODay
movieId: DMi27  actor: Sidney James
movieId: DMi27  actor: Maureen Delaney
movieId: DMi27  actor: Estelle Brody
movieId: DMi28  actor: David Niven
movieId: DMi28  actor: Mitzi Gaynor
movieId: DMi28  actor: Carl Reiner
movieId: DMi28  actor: Loring Smith
movieId: DMi28  actor: Paty Duke
movieId: DMi28  actor: Phyllis Povah
movieId: DMi30  actor: Doris Day
movieId: DMi30  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: DMi30  actor: John Gavin
movieId: DMi30  actor: Rex Harrison
movieId: DMi30  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: DMi30  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: DMi30  actor: John Williams
movieId: DMi30  actor: Natasha Parry
movieId: DMi30  actor: Hermione Baddeley
movieId: DMi32  actor: Susan Hayward
movieId: DMi32  actor: John Gavin
movieId: DMi32  actor: Vera Miles
movieId: DMi32  actor: Virginia Grey
movieId: DMi32  actor: Charles Drake
movieId: DMi32  actor: Reginald Gardiner
movieId: DMi35  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: DMi35  actor: Gena Rowlands
movieId: DMi35  actor: Michael Kane
movieId: DMi35  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: DMi35  actor: Bill Raisch
movieId: DMi35  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: DMi35  actor: Carrol OConnor
movieId: DMi45  actor: Robert Ryan
movieId: DMi45  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: DMi45  actor: Will Geer
movieId: DMi45  actor: Gilbert Green
movieId: DMl10  actor: Laurent Lucas
movieId: DMl10  actor: Mathilde Seigner
movieId: DMl10  actor: Sergi Lopez
movieId: DMl10  actor: Sophie Gullemin
movieId: DMl10  actor: 
movieId: DMl10  actor: sa
movieId: DMl10  actor: sa
movieId: DMl10  actor: sa
movieId: DmM10  actor: Demi Moore
movieId: DmM10  actor: Rita Wilson
movieId: DmM10  actor: Melanie Griffith
movieId: DmM10  actor: Rosie ODonnell
movieId: DmM10  actor: Gaby Ho
movieId: DmM10  actor: Tom Hanks
movieId: DmM10  actor: Thora Birch
movieId: DmM10  actor: Asleigh Aston Moore
movieId: DmM10  actor: Christina Ricci
movieId: DMk10  actor: Sonic Youth
movieId: DMk10  actor: Nirvana
movieId: DMk10  actor: Dinosaur~jr.
movieId: DMk10  actor: Gumball
movieId: DMk10  actor: Babes in Toyland
movieId: DMk10  actor: The Ramones
movieId: DMu4  actor: Dudley Murphy
movieId: DMu4  actor: Kiki de Montparnasse
movieId: DMu4  actor: Mrs. Dudley Murphy
movieId: DMu10  actor: Paul Robeson
movieId: DMu10  actor: Dudley Digges
movieId: DMy10  actor: Heather Donahue
movieId: DmS1  actor: Juliette Lewis
movieId: DmS1  actor: David Duhovny
movieId: DnB10  actor: Hinrik Linnros
movieId: DnB10  actor: Thommy Berggren
movieId: DnD10  actor: Phillippe Leotard
movieId: DnH30  actor: Talia Coppola
movieId: DnR10  actor: Ugo Tognazzi
movieId: DoC7  actor: Michael Baldwin
movieId: DoC10  actor: Tanya Roberts
movieId: DoC10  actor: Marc Singer
movieId: DoC10  actor: Rip Torn
movieId: DoC10  actor: John Amos
movieId: DoC10  actor: Josh Milrad
movieId: DoC10  actor: Rod Loomis
movieId: DoC10  actor: Ben Hammer
movieId: DoH10  actor: Telly Savalas
movieId: DoH10  actor: Guy Stockwell
movieId: DoH10  actor: Doug McClure
movieId: DoH10  actor: Leslie Nielsen
movieId: DoH10  actor: Leon Gordon
movieId: DoH10  actor: Michael Constantine
movieId: DOR10  actor: Yaiwalak Chonchanukun
movieId: DOR10  actor: Dennis ORourke
movieId: DoS8  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: DoS8  actor: Tsi Chin
movieId: DoS8  actor: Walter Rilla
movieId: DoS8  actor: Karin Dor
movieId: DoS8  actor: Nigel Green
movieId: DoS8  actor: Howard MarionCrwaford
movieId: DoS9  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: DoS9  actor: Tsi Chin
movieId: DoS9  actor: Burt Kwouk
movieId: DoS9  actor: Heinz Drache
movieId: DoS9  actor: Marie Versini
movieId: DoS9  actor: Douglas Wilmer
movieId: DoS9  actor: Howard MarionCrwaford
movieId: DoS12  actor: George Sanders
movieId: DoS12  actor: Beryl Reid
movieId: DoS12  actor: Nicky Henson
movieId: DoS12  actor: Robert Hardy
movieId: DoS16  actor: Robert Powell
movieId: DoS16  actor: Karen Dotrice
movieId: DoS16  actor: John Mills
movieId: DoS16  actor: Eric Porter
movieId: DoS16  actor: David Warren
movieId: DoS16  actor: George Baker
movieId: DoS16  actor: Ronald Pickup
movieId: DoS16  actor: Timothy West
movieId: DoS16  actor: Donald Pickering
movieId: DoS16  actor: Andrew Keir
movieId: DoS16  actor: Robert Flemyng
movieId: DoS16  actor: Miles Anderson
movieId: DoS16  actor: Paul McDowell
movieId: DoW50  actor: Barry Fitzgerald
movieId: DoW50  actor: Bobby Clark
movieId: DoW50  actor: s a
movieId: DoW50  actor: s a
movieId: DoW51  actor: George Mathews
movieId: DoW51  actor: George E. Stone
movieId: DoW51  actor: Beverly Michaels
movieId: DoW51  actor: Joseph Downing
movieId: DoW51  actor: James Edwards
movieId: DoW51  actor: Mark Dano
movieId: DoW51  actor: Napoleon Whiting
movieId: DoW51  actor: Joseph Downing
movieId: DoW80  actor: Hazel Court
movieId: DoW80  actor: Ernest Truex
movieId: DoW80  actor: Jack Cassidy
movieId: DoW80  actor: s a
movieId: DoW81  actor: Ronald Howard
movieId: DoW81  actor: Patricia Doanahue
movieId: DoW81  actor: Arte Johnson
movieId: DoW81  actor: Mary Murphy
movieId: DoW81  actor: Florence MacMichaels
movieId: DoW81  actor: Meri Welles
movieId: DoW81  actor: Addison Richards
movieId: DoW82  actor: Robert Webber
movieId: DoW82  actor: s a
movieId: DoW82  actor: Jeremy Slate
movieId: DoW95  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: DoW95  actor: Lucille Ball
movieId: DoW95  actor: Marilyn Maxwell
movieId: DoW95  actor: Rip Torn
movieId: DoW95  actor: Jessie Roy Landis
movieId: DoW95  actor: John Dehner
movieId: DoW95  actor: Jim Backus
movieId: DoW95  actor: Marie Windsor
movieId: DoW95  actor: Soupy Sales
movieId: DoW97  actor: Tommy Kirk
movieId: DoW97  actor: Anette Funicello
movieId: DoW97  actor: Elsa Lanchester
movieId: DoW97  actor: Jesse White
movieId: DoW97  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: DoW97  actor: Dorothy Lamour
movieId: DoW97  actor: Harvey Lembeck
movieId: DoW97  actor: Donna Loren
movieId: DoW97  actor: Susan Hart
movieId: DoW97  actor: Don Rickles
movieId: DoW97  actor: Frankie Avalon
movieId: DoW120  actor: Fred Gwynne
movieId: DoW120  actor: Yvonne deCarlo
movieId: DoW120  actor: Al Lewis
movieId: DoW120  actor: s a
movieId: DoW120  actor: s a
movieId: DoW120  actor: Sid Cesar
movieId: DoW130  actor: Dudley Moore
movieId: DPa10  actor: David Argue
movieId: DPa10  actor: Des Mangan
movieId: DPa10  actor: Sally Patience
movieId: DpM10  actor: Jessica Tandy
movieId: DpM10  actor: Hume Cronyn
movieId: DpM10  actor: Bridget Fonda
movieId: DpM10  actor: Graham Greene
movieId: DpM13  actor: Shabana Azmi
movieId: DpM13  actor: Nanita Das
movieId: DpM13  actor: Jaaved Jaaferi
movieId: DpM13  actor: s a
movieId: DPo2  actor: Janet Henfrey
movieId: DPo4  actor: Michael Gambon
movieId: DPo7  actor: Michael Gambon
movieId: DPo7  actor: Lyndon Davis
movieId: DPo7  actor: Janet Suzman
movieId: DPo7  actor: Alison Steadman
movieId: DPo7  actor: Jim Carter
movieId: DPo7  actor: Patrick Malahide
movieId: DPo7  actor: Joanne Whalley
movieId: DPo7  actor: Imaelda Staunton
movieId: DPo7  actor: Sharon D. Clarke
movieId: DPo7  actor: Janet Henfrey
movieId: DPo7  actor: Simon Chandler
movieId: DPo7  actor: s a
movieId: DPo7  actor: David Rydall
movieId: DPo7  actor: Gerard Moran
movieId: DPo7  actor: Leslie French
movieId: DPo7  actor: Badi Uzzama
movieId: DPo7  actor: Kate McKenzie
movieId: DPo7  actor: Charon Bourke
movieId: DPo7  actor: Ron Cook
movieId: DPo7  actor: George Rossi
movieId: DPo15  actor: Albert Finney
movieId: DPo15  actor: s a
movieId: DPo15  actor: s a
movieId: DPo15  actor: s a
movieId: DPo15  actor: s a
movieId: DPo15  actor: s a
movieId: DPo15  actor: s a
movieId: DPo15  actor: s a
movieId: DPo15  actor: s a
movieId: DPo15  actor: s a
movieId: DPo15  actor: s a
movieId: DPo15  actor: s a
movieId: DPo15  actor: s a
movieId: DPo15  actor: s a
movieId: DPo15  actor: s a
movieId: DPo15  actor: s a
movieId: DPs10  actor: Drew Barrymore
movieId: DPs10  actor: Catherine OHara
movieId: DPs10  actor: Luke Wilson
movieId: DPs10  actor: Jake Busey
movieId: DPs10  actor: Shelley Duvall
movieId: DPs13  actor: Tim Allen
movieId: DPs13  actor: Sigourney Weaver
movieId: DPs13  actor: Alan Rickman
movieId: DPs13  actor: Tony Shalhoub
movieId: DPs13  actor: s a
movieId: DPs13  actor: Sam Rockwell
movieId: DPs13  actor: Enrico Colatoni
movieId: DPs13  actor: s a
movieId: DPs13  actor: s a
movieId: DPs13  actor: s a
movieId: DPt2  actor: Sidney Poitier
movieId: DPt2  actor: Claudia McNeil
movieId: DPt2  actor: Ruby Dee
movieId: DPt2  actor: Ruby Dee
movieId: DPt2  actor: Diana Sands
movieId: DPt2  actor: Ivan Dixon
movieId: DPt2  actor: John Fielder
movieId: DPt2  actor: Lou Gossett
movieId: DPt6  actor: Lionel Jeffries
movieId: DPt6  actor: Laurence Harvey
movieId: DPt6  actor: Daliah Lavi
movieId: DPt6  actor: Eric Sykes
movieId: DPt6  actor: Eric Portman
movieId: DPt6  actor: Colin Blakely
movieId: DPt6  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: DPt6  actor: Robert Flemyng
movieId: DPt6  actor: Paul Ford
movieId: DPt6  actor: Bernard Lee
movieId: DPt6  actor: June Whitfield
movieId: DPt6  actor: Bernard Archard
movieId: DPt16  actor: Edward Herrmann
movieId: DPt16  actor: Jane Alexander
movieId: DPt17  actor: Edward Herrmann
movieId: DPt17  actor: Jane Alexander
movieId: DPt19  actor: Laurence Oliver
movieId: DPt19  actor: LesleyAnne Down
movieId: DPt19  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: DPt19  actor: Tommy Lee Jones
movieId: DPt19  actor: Katherine Ross
movieId: DPt19  actor: Jane Alexander
movieId: DPt19  actor: Kathleen Beller
movieId: DPt19  actor: Joseph Wiseman
movieId: DPt19  actor: Edward Herrmann
movieId: DPt21  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: DPt21  actor: Pam Grier
movieId: DPt21  actor: Ed Asner
movieId: DPt21  actor: Ken Wahl
movieId: DPt21  actor: Danny Aiello
movieId: DPt23  actor: Kenny Rogers
movieId: DPt23  actor: Diane Lane
movieId: DPt23  actor: Erin Gray
movieId: DPt23  actor: Barry Corbin
movieId: DPt23  actor: Anthony Michael Hall
movieId: DPt30  actor: Lili Taylor
movieId: DPt30  actor: Julia Roberts
movieId: DPt30  actor: Annabeth Gish
movieId: DPt30  actor: Vincent Phillip DOnofrio
movieId: DPt30  actor: William R. Moses
movieId: DPt30  actor: Adam Storke
movieId: DPt30  actor: Conchata Ferrell
movieId: DPt30  actor: Louis Turenne
movieId: DPt30  actor: Matt Damon
movieId: DPt33  actor: Sean Austin
movieId: DPt33  actor: Andrew Divoff
movieId: DPt33  actor: Louis Gossett~jr.
movieId: DPt33  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: DPt33  actor: Kent Coogan
movieId: DPt33  actor: Will Albertson
movieId: DPt33  actor: R.Lee Ermy
movieId: DPt33  actor: Masour Adani
movieId: DPt33  actor: Sham Phelan
movieId: DPt33  actor: John Shaw
movieId: DPt35  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: DPt35  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: DPt35  actor: AnnMargaret
movieId: DPt35  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: DPt36  actor: s a
movieId: DPt36  actor: Elizabeth McGovern
movieId: DPt36  actor: Bill Pullman
movieId: DPt36  actor: Brad Pitt
movieId: DPt36  actor: Ken Wahl
movieId: DPt37  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: DPt37  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: DPt39  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: DPt41  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: DPt41  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: DPt41  actor: Diane Keaton
movieId: DPt41  actor: Lisa Kudrow
movieId: DPt42  actor: Sandra Bullock
movieId: DPt42  actor: Benjamin Bratt
movieId: DPt42  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: DPt42  actor: Polly Bergen
movieId: DPt42  actor: William Shatner
movieId: DPt42  actor: Ernie Hudson
movieId: DPt42  actor: John DiResta
movieId: DPt42  actor: Deidre Quinn
movieId: DRi10  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: DRi10  actor: Charlotte Rampling
movieId: DRi10  actor: John Ireland
movieId: DRi10  actor: Sylvia Miles
movieId: DRi10  actor: Anthony Zerbe
movieId: DRi10  actor: Mike Mazurki
movieId: DRi10  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: DRi14  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: DRi14  actor: Catherine Deneuve
movieId: DRi14  actor: Terence Hill
movieId: DRi14  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: DRi14  actor: Ian Holm
movieId: DRi14  actor: Marcel Bozzuffi
movieId: DRi20  actor: Martin Sheen
movieId: DRi20  actor: Blythe Danner
movieId: DRi20  actor: Craig T. Nelson
movieId: DRi20  actor: David Hemmings
movieId: DRi20  actor: Nathalie Nell
movieId: DrH10  actor: Vera Miles
movieId: DrH10  actor: Maurice Evans
movieId: DrH10  actor: Robert Vaugn
movieId: DrH10  actor: David McCallum
movieId: DrH10  actor: Leo G. Carroll
movieId: DrH10  actor: Yvonne Craig
movieId: DrH10  actor: James Doohan
movieId: DRo10  actor: Christina Ricci
movieId: DRo10  actor: Martin Donovan
movieId: DRo10  actor: Lisa Kudrow
movieId: DRo10  actor: Lyle Lovett
movieId: DRu10  actor: Jeremy Davies
movieId: DRu10  actor: Alberta Watson
movieId: DRu15  actor: Ben Stiller
movieId: DRu15  actor: David Patrick Kelly
movieId: DRu15  actor: Alan Alda
movieId: DRu15  actor: Lily Tomlin
movieId: DRu15  actor: Celia Weston
movieId: DRu15  actor: Patricia Arquette
movieId: DRu15  actor: Mary Tyler Moore
movieId: DRu15  actor: George Segal
movieId: DRu15  actor: Tea Leoni
movieId: DRz10  actor: Christophe Garcia
movieId: DRz10  actor: Isabelle Sadoyan
movieId: DRz10  actor: Arlette Balkis
movieId: DRz10  actor: Daniel Milgram
movieId: DS5  actor: Ronald Reagan
movieId: DS5  actor: Viveca Lindfors
movieId: DS5  actor: Rosemary deCamp
movieId: DS5  actor: Broderick Crawford
movieId: DS5  actor: Osa Massen
movieId: DS5  actor: Craig Stevens
movieId: DS5  actor: Erskine Sandford
movieId: DS6  actor: Sidney Greenstreet
movieId: DS6  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: DS6  actor: Joan Lorring
movieId: DS6  actor: George Couloris
movieId: DS6  actor: Rosalind Ivan
movieId: DS6  actor: Paul Cavanagh
movieId: DS6  actor: Arthur Shields
movieId: DS8  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: DS8  actor: Jane Greer
movieId: DS8  actor: William Bendix
movieId: DS8  actor: Ramon Navarro
movieId: DS8  actor: Patric Knowles
movieId: DS8  actor: Don Alvorado
movieId: DS8  actor: John Qualen
movieId: DS8  actor: Ramon Dan
movieId: DS8  actor: s a
movieId: DS9  actor: Ida Lupino
movieId: DS9  actor: Steve Cochran
movieId: DS9  actor: Dean Jagger
movieId: DS9  actor: Howard Duff
movieId: DS13  actor: Kevin McCarthy
movieId: DS13  actor: Dana Wynter
movieId: DS13  actor: Larry Gates
movieId: DS13  actor: King Donovan
movieId: DS13  actor: Carolyn Jones
movieId: DS13  actor: Virginia Christine
movieId: DS13  actor: Sam Peckinpah
movieId: DS13  actor: Jeff Goldblum
movieId: DS23  actor: Ronald Reagan
movieId: DS23  actor: Lee Marvin
movieId: DS23  actor: John Cassavetes
movieId: DS23  actor: Clu Gulager
movieId: DS23  actor: Angie Dickinson
movieId: DS28  actor: Richard Widmark
movieId: DS28  actor: Lena Horne
movieId: DS28  actor: John Saxon
movieId: DS28  actor: Carroll OConnor
movieId: DS28  actor: Larry Gates
movieId: DS28  actor: Kent Smith
movieId: DS30  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: DS30  actor: Geraldine Page
movieId: DS30  actor: Elizabeth Hartman
movieId: DS32  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: DS32  actor: Harry Guardino
movieId: DS32  actor: Reni Santoni
movieId: DS32  actor: John Vernon
movieId: DS32  actor: John Mitchum
movieId: DS33  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: DS33  actor: Joe Don Baker
movieId: DS33  actor: Felicia Farr
movieId: DS33  actor: Andy Robinson
movieId: DS33  actor: John Vernon
movieId: DS33  actor: Sheree North
movieId: DS33  actor: Norman Fell
movieId: DS35  actor: John Wayne
movieId: DS35  actor: James Stewart
movieId: DS36  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: DS36  actor: Lee Remick
movieId: DS36  actor: Donald Pleasance
movieId: DS36  actor: Tyne Daly
movieId: DS36  actor: Patrick Magee
movieId: DS36  actor: Sheree North
movieId: DS37  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: DS37  actor: Patrick McGoohan
movieId: DS37  actor: Paul Benjamin
movieId: DS38  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: DS38  actor: LeslieAnn Doen
movieId: DS38  actor: David Niven
movieId: DS38  actor: Timothy West
movieId: DS38  actor: Patrick Magee
movieId: DS38  actor: Joss Ackland
movieId: DS39  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: DS39  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: DS39  actor: John Saxon
movieId: DS39  actor: Paul Koslo
movieId: DS40  actor: Bette Midler
movieId: DS40  actor: Ken Wahl
movieId: DS40  actor: Rip Torn
movieId: DS40  actor: Val Avery
movieId: DS40  actor: Jack Elam
movieId: DS49  actor: Bob Newhart
movieId: DS49  actor: Anita Gillette
movieId: DS49  actor: Leigh Taylor-Young
movieId: DS50  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: DS50  actor: Liam Neeson
movieId: DS50  actor: Patricia Clarckson
movieId: DS50  actor: s a
movieId: DSa10  actor: Irene Bedard
movieId: DSa10  actor: s a
movieId: DSa10  actor: s a
movieId: DSa10  actor: s a
movieId: DSa10  actor: Deeny Dakota
movieId: DSa10  actor: s a
movieId: DSa10  actor: s a
movieId: DSa10  actor: s a
movieId: DSa10  actor: Jean Gago
movieId: DSa10  actor: Simi Mehta
movieId: DSa10  actor: s a
movieId: DSa10  actor: Sheila Towers
movieId: DSc10  actor: Morgan Fairchild
movieId: DSc10  actor: Michael Sarrazin
movieId: DSc10  actor: Vince Edwards
movieId: DSc10  actor: Andrew Stevens
movieId: DSc10  actor: Colleen Camp
movieId: DSh10  actor: Margot Kidder
movieId: DSh10  actor: Annie Potts
movieId: DSh10  actor: Robert Carradine
movieId: DSh10  actor: Winston Reckert
movieId: DSh10  actor: George Touliatos
movieId: DSk32  actor: Jimmy Lydon
movieId: DSk32  actor: s a
movieId: DSk32  actor: Charles Arnt
movieId: DSk32  actor: Warren William
movieId: DSk32  actor: Regis Toomey
movieId: DSk32  actor: s a
movieId: DSk38  actor: Cornel Wilde
movieId: DSk38  actor: Patricia Knight
movieId: DSk44  actor: Rock Hudson
movieId: DSk48  actor: Jeff Chandler
movieId: DSk48  actor: Jack Palance
movieId: DSk48  actor: Rita Gams
movieId: DSk48  actor: Ludmilla Tcherina
movieId: DSk48  actor: Jeff Morrow
movieId: DSk48  actor: George Dolenz
movieId: DSk48  actor: Eduard Franz
movieId: DSk48  actor: Alexander Scourby
movieId: DSk49  actor: Jane Wyman
movieId: DSk49  actor: Rock Hudson
movieId: DSk49  actor: Agnes Moorehead
movieId: DSk49  actor: Barbara Rush
movieId: DSk49  actor: Otto Kruger
movieId: DSk49  actor: Gregg Palmer
movieId: DSk49  actor: Paul Cavanagh
movieId: DSk49  actor: Sara Shane
movieId: DSk50  actor: Joan Bennett
movieId: DSk50  actor: Fred McMurray
movieId: DSk50  actor: Barbara Stanwyk
movieId: DSk50  actor: William Reynolds
movieId: DSk50  actor: Gigi Perreau
movieId: DSk50  actor: Judy Nugent
movieId: DSk50  actor: Jane Darwell
movieId: DSk51  actor: Rock Hudson
movieId: DSk54  actor: Robert Stack
movieId: DSk54  actor: Lauren Bacall
movieId: DSk54  actor: Rock Hudson
movieId: DSk54  actor: Dorothy Malone
movieId: DSk54  actor: Robert Keith
movieId: DSk54  actor: Grant Williams
movieId: DSk58  actor: Rock Hudson
movieId: DSk62  actor: Rossano Brazzi
movieId: DSk62  actor: June Allyson
movieId: DSk62  actor: Francoise Rosay
movieId: DSk62  actor: Marianne Cook
movieId: DSk66  actor: John Gavin
movieId: DSk66  actor: Lilo Pulver
movieId: DSk66  actor: Erich Maria Remarque
movieId: DSk66  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: DSk66  actor: Jock Mahoney
movieId: DSk67  actor: Robert Stack
movieId: DSk67  actor: Dorothy Malone
movieId: DSk67  actor: Jack Carson
movieId: DSk67  actor: Rock Hudson
movieId: DSk67  actor: Robert Middleton
movieId: DSk67  actor: Christopher Olson
movieId: DSk67  actor: Troy Donahue
movieId: DSk67  actor: s a
movieId: DSk67  actor: s a
movieId: DSk69  actor: Lana Turner
movieId: DSk69  actor: Juanita Moore
movieId: DSk69  actor: Susan Kohner
movieId: DSk69  actor: Sandra Dee
movieId: DSk69  actor: John Gavin
movieId: DSk69  actor: s a
movieId: DSk69  actor: Dan OHerlihy
movieId: DSk69  actor: Robert Alda
movieId: DSk69  actor: Sandra Gould
movieId: DSm10  actor: Hayley Mills
movieId: DSm10  actor: Jane Wyman
movieId: DSm10  actor: Richard Egan
movieId: DSm10  actor: Karl Malden
movieId: DSm10  actor: Nancy Olson
movieId: DSm10  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: DSm10  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: DSm10  actor: Agnes Moorehead
movieId: DSm10  actor: Kevin Corcoran
movieId: DSt10  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: DSt10  actor: Beverly D'Angelo
movieId: DSt10  actor: Norman Fell
movieId: DSt10  actor: Paul Dooley
movieId: DSt10  actor: Elizabeth Ashley
movieId: DSt10  actor: Lauren Hutton
movieId: DSt10  actor: Juanita Moore
movieId: DSu20  actor: s a
movieId: DSu20  actor: Diane Starin
movieId: DSW1  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: DSW1  actor: Debra Winger
movieId: DSW15  actor: John Goodman
movieId: DSW18  actor: Kelsey Grammer
movieId: DSW18  actor: Tom Dodge
movieId: DSW18  actor: Lauren Holly
movieId: DSW18  actor: Rob Scheider
movieId: DSW18  actor: Harry Dean Stanton
movieId: DSW18  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: DSW18  actor: William H. Macy
movieId: DSW18  actor: Ken
movieId: DSW18  actor: Bradford Tatum
movieId: DSW18  actor: Toby Huss
movieId: DSW18  actor: Rip Torn)
movieId: DTa100  actor: Lee Phillips
movieId: DTa100  actor: Phyllis Thaxter
movieId: DTa102  actor: John McGiver
movieId: DTa102  actor: Vivian nathan
movieId: DTa103  actor: Edgar Stehli
movieId: DTa103  actor: s a
movieId: DTa103  actor: s a
movieId: DTa104  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: DTa104  actor: Hazel court
movieId: DTa104  actor: Patricia Hitchcock
movieId: DTa104  actor: John Alderson
movieId: DTa104  actor: s a
movieId: DTa104  actor: s a
movieId: DTa104  actor: s a
movieId: DTa104  actor: s a
movieId: DTa105  actor: Nancy Gates
movieId: DTa105  actor: Ralph Meeker
movieId: DTa106  actor: Alan Hewitt
movieId: DTa106  actor: Joanna Moore
movieId: DTa106  actor: Gary Merrill
movieId: DTa150  actor: Fabian
movieId: DTa150  actor: Mickey Dora
movieId: DTa150  actor: Shelley Fabares
movieId: DTa150  actor: Tab Hunter
movieId: DTa150  actor: Barbara Eden
movieId: DTa210  actor: Lee Marvin
movieId: DTa210  actor: Lee Marvin
movieId: DTa210  actor: Oliver Reed
movieId: DTa210  actor: Robert Culp
movieId: DTa210  actor: Elizabeth Ashley
movieId: DTa210  actor: Kay Lenz
movieId: DTa211  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: DTa211  actor: Michael York
movieId: DTa211  actor: Nigel Davenport
movieId: DTa212  actor: William Holden
movieId: DTa212  actor: Lee Grant
movieId: DTa212  actor: Lew Ayres
movieId: DTa212  actor: Robert Foxworth
movieId: DTa215  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: DTa215  actor: Martin Sheen
movieId: DTa215  actor: James Farentino
movieId: DTa215  actor: Katherine Ross
movieId: DTa215  actor: Ron ONeil
movieId: DTa215  actor: Charles Durning
movieId: DTa220  actor: Michael Pennington
movieId: DTa220  actor: Anthony Quayle
movieId: DTa220  actor: Clare Bloom
movieId: DTa220  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: DTa220  actor: Juliet Stevenson
movieId: DTa221  actor: Anthony Quayle
movieId: DTa221  actor: Clare Bloom
movieId: DTa221  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: DTa221  actor: Juliet Stevenson
movieId: DTa222  actor: Anthony Quayle
movieId: DTa222  actor: Clare Bloom
movieId: DTa222  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: DTa222  actor: Juliet Stevenson
movieId: DTr3  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: DTr3  actor: Cliff Potts
movieId: DTr3  actor: Ron Rifkin
movieId: DTr3  actor: Jesse Vint
movieId: DTr10  actor: Natalie Wood
movieId: DTr10  actor: Christopher Walken
movieId: DTr10  actor: Louise Fletcher
movieId: DTr10  actor: Cliff Robertson
movieId: DTw10  actor: Charlie Sheen
movieId: DTw10  actor: Ron Silver
movieId: DTw10  actor: s a
movieId: DTw10  actor: s a
movieId: DuC10  actor: Van Heflin
movieId: DuC10  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: DuC10  actor: Folco Lulli
movieId: DuC10  actor: John Ericson
movieId: DuC10  actor: Mylene Demongeot
movieId: DuC10  actor: Alex Nicol
movieId: DuC10  actor: Eleanora RossiDrago
movieId: DuC10  actor: Cecil Parker
movieId: DuC10  actor: Liam Redmond
movieId: DuC10  actor: Gregoire Aslan
movieId: DuC10  actor: Ralph Truman
movieId: DuM5  actor: Susan Anspach
movieId: DuM5  actor: Erland Josephson
movieId: DuM5  actor: Per Oscarsson
movieId: DuM8  actor: Gabriel Byrne
movieId: DuM8  actor: Greta Scacchi
movieId: DuM10  actor: Eric Roberts
movieId: DuM10  actor: Greta Scacchi
movieId: DuM10  actor: Bill Kerr
movieId: DuM20  actor: Svetozar Cvetkovic
movieId: DuM20  actor: Anita Mancic
movieId: DuM20  actor: Alexandra Rohmig
movieId: DuM20  actor: Petar Bozovic
movieId: DuM20  actor: s a
movieId: DuN2  actor: Sara Allgood
movieId: DuN2  actor: Raymond Massey
movieId: DuN2  actor: Rosalind Russell
movieId: DuN2  actor: Michael Redgrave
movieId: DuN2  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: DuN2  actor: Katina Paxinou
movieId: DuW10  actor: Ronnie Corbett
movieId: DuW10  actor: Thora Hird
movieId: DuW10  actor: Michael Hodern
movieId: DuW10  actor: Leslie Phillips
movieId: DuW10  actor: Barbara Murray
movieId: DuW10  actor: James Roberton Justice
movieId: DuW10  actor: Arthur Lowe
movieId: DvD10  actor: Govinda
movieId: DvD10  actor: Karisma
movieId: DvD10  actor: Kader Khan
movieId: DvD10  actor: Paresh Rawal
movieId: DvF10  actor: Sarah jessica Parker
movieId: DvF10  actor: Gil Bellows
movieId: DvF10  actor: Mia Farrow
movieId: DvF10  actor: Antonio Banderas
movieId: DvF10  actor: Paul Mazurky
movieId: DvF10  actor: Naomi Campbell
movieId: DvF10  actor: s a
movieId: DvF10  actor: s a
movieId: DvH10  actor: Adriana Caselotti
movieId: DvH10  actor: Lucille LaVerne
movieId: DvH10  actor: Billy Gilbert
movieId: DvJ1  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: DvJ1  actor: Ed Harris
movieId: DvJ1  actor: Kathy Baker
movieId: DvJ6  actor: Kyle MacLachlan
movieId: DvJ6  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: DvJ6  actor: Polly Walker
movieId: DvJ6  actor: Jason Roberts
movieId: DvJ6  actor: Juliet Stevenson
movieId: DvJ6  actor: Alfred Molina
movieId: DvR10  actor: James Spader
movieId: DvR10  actor: Joanne WhalleyKilmer
movieId: DvR10  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: DvR10  actor: Charlotte Lewis
movieId: DvR10  actor: Michael Warren
movieId: DvR10  actor: Piper Laurie
movieId: DvR10  actor: Michael Parks
movieId: DvR10  actor: Chuck McCann
movieId: DvR10  actor: Charlie Haid
movieId: DvR10  actor: Chino Fats Williams
movieId: DvR10  actor: Woody Strode
movieId: DvR10  actor: Jeff Perry
movieId: DvR10  actor: Galyn G\"org
movieId: DvR10  actor: Justine Arlin
movieId: DvR10  actor: George Kee Cheung
movieId: DvR10  actor: Phillip Carter
movieId: DVs1  actor: Phyllis Thaxter
movieId: DVs1  actor: Tom Helmore
movieId: DvS3  actor: Hayley Mills
movieId: DvS3  actor: Hayley Mills
movieId: DvS3  actor: Maureen OHara
movieId: DvS3  actor: Brian Keith
movieId: DvS3  actor: Charles Ruggles
movieId: DvS3  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: DvS3  actor: Leo G. Carroll
movieId: DvS3  actor: Joanna Barnes
movieId: DvS3  actor: Cathleen Nesbitt
movieId: DvS3  actor: Ruth McDevitt
movieId: DvS3  actor: Nancy Kulp
movieId: DvS10  actor: Robert Morse
movieId: DvS10  actor: Rudy Vallee
movieId: DvS10  actor: Michele Lee
movieId: DvS10  actor: Anthony Teague
movieId: DvS10  actor: Maureen Arthur
movieId: DvS10  actor: Maureen Arthur
movieId: DvS10  actor: Murray Matheson
movieId: DvW10  actor: Caroline Munro
movieId: DvW10  actor: Robin Leach
movieId: DvW10  actor: Joe Spinell
movieId: DWa10  actor: Judd Nelson
movieId: DWa10  actor: Gordon Jump
movieId: DWa10  actor: Jonna lee
movieId: DWa10  actor: Ronald Lacey
movieId: DWG02  actor: D.W. Griffith
movieId: DWG03  actor: D.W. Griffith
movieId: DWG8  actor: Frank Powell
movieId: DWG8  actor: s a
movieId: DWG11  actor: Mac Sennett
movieId: DWG11  actor: Linda Arvidson
movieId: DWG11  actor: Florence Lawrence
movieId: DWG11  actor: Jeanie Mcpherson
movieId: DWG15  actor: Mary Pickford
movieId: DWG15  actor: Dark Cloud
movieId: DWG15  actor: Dell Henderson
movieId: DWG29  actor: Coseson
movieId: DWG49  actor: Mae Marsh
movieId: DWG49  actor: Lillian Gish
movieId: DWG49  actor: Robert Harron
movieId: DWG49  actor: Henry B. Walthall
movieId: DWG49  actor: Kate Bruce
movieId: DWG49  actor: Charles Hill Mailes
movieId: DWG49  actor: W.Christie Miller
movieId: DWG50  actor: Blanche Sweet
movieId: DWG50  actor: Henry B. Walthall
movieId: DWG50  actor: Kate Bruce
movieId: DWG50  actor: Charles Hill Mailes
movieId: DWG50  actor: Mae Marsh
movieId: DWG50  actor: Robert Harron
movieId: DWG50  actor: Alfred Paget
movieId: DWG50  actor: Lillian Gish
movieId: DWG51  actor: Lillian Gish
movieId: DWG51  actor: Mae Marsh
movieId: DWG51  actor: Henry Walthall
movieId: DWG52  actor: Lillian Gish
movieId: DWG52  actor: Mae Marsh
movieId: DWG52  actor: Robert Harron
movieId: DWG52  actor: Bessie Love
movieId: DWG52  actor: Margery Wilson
movieId: DWG52  actor: Eugene Pallette
movieId: DWG52  actor: Constance Talmadge
movieId: DWG52  actor: Elmo Lincoln
movieId: DWG52  actor: Seena Owen
movieId: DWG52  actor: Alfred Paget
movieId: DWG52  actor: Tully Marshall
movieId: DWG52  actor: Howard Gaye
movieId: DWG52  actor: Miriam Cooper
movieId: DWG52  actor: Erich vonStroheim
movieId: DWG55  actor: Lillian Gish
movieId: DWG55  actor: Robert Harron
movieId: DWG57  actor: Lillian Gish
movieId: DWG57  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: DWG57  actor: Richard Barthelmess
movieId: DWG57  actor: Arthur Howard
movieId: DWG57  actor: Edward Peil
movieId: DWG58  actor: Lillian Gish
movieId: DWG58  actor: Robert Harris
movieId: DWG58  actor: Clarine Seymour
movieId: DWG64  actor: Lillian Gish
movieId: DWG64  actor: Richard Barthelmess
movieId: DWG64  actor: Lowell Sherman
movieId: DWG64  actor: Creighton Hale
movieId: DWG64  actor: Porter Strong
movieId: DWG64  actor: Norma Shearer
movieId: DWG67  actor: Lilian Ghish
movieId: DWG67  actor: Dorothy Ghish
movieId: DWG67  actor: Joseph Schildkraut
movieId: DWG67  actor: Lucille LaVerne
movieId: DWG67  actor: Monte Blue
movieId: DWG67  actor: Morgan Wallace
movieId: DWG67  actor: Frank Puglia
movieId: DWG67  actor: Creighton Hale
movieId: DWG67  actor: Louis Wolheim
movieId: DWG71  actor: Neil Hamilton
movieId: DWG71  actor: Erville Anderson
movieId: DWG71  actor: Carol Dempster
movieId: DWG71  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: DWG72  actor: Carol Dempster
movieId: DWG72  actor: Neil Hamilton
movieId: DWG72  actor: Hans vonSchlettow
movieId: DWG72  actor: Margarethe Kupfer
movieId: DWG75  actor: Mary Pickford
movieId: DWG75  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: DWG80  actor: Walter Houston
movieId: DWG80  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: DWG80  actor: Kay Hammond
movieId: DWG80  actor: Frank Campeau
movieId: DWG80  actor: Ian Keith
movieId: DWG80  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: DWi10  actor: Beau Bridges
movieId: DWi10  actor: David Essex
movieId: DWi10  actor: Cristina Raines
movieId: DWi10  actor: Harry H. Corbett
movieId: DWi10  actor: Lee Montague
movieId: DWl10  actor: William Hutt
movieId: DWl10  actor: Martha Henry
movieId: DWr10  actor: Robby Benson
movieId: DWr10  actor: Lynn-Holly Johnson
movieId: DWr10  actor: Colleen Dewhurst
movieId: DWr10  actor: Tom Skerritt
movieId: DWr10  actor: Jennifer Warren
movieId: DzJ10  actor: Walter Genewin
movieId: DZo10  actor: John Goodman
movieId: DZo10  actor: Martin Short
movieId: DZo10  actor: Walter Cronkite
movieId: DZo10  actor: Kenneth Mars
movieId: DZo10  actor: Julia Child
movieId: DZu12  actor: Leslie Nielsen
movieId: DZu12  actor: Richard Griffiths
movieId: DZu12  actor: Richard Griffiths
movieId: DZu12  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: DZu12  actor: O.J. Simpson
movieId: DZu12  actor: Priscilla Presley
movieId: DZu12  actor: Robert Goulet
movieId: DZu12  actor: Jacqueline Brumford
movieId: DZu12  actor: Anthony James
movieId: DZu12  actor: John Rourke
movieId: DZu12  actor: Margery Rose
movieId: DZu12  actor: Peter VanNorden
movieId: DZu12  actor: Gail Neely
movieId: DZu12  actor: Mel Torme
movieId: DZu12  actor: Weird Al Yankovic
movieId: DZu12  actor: David Zucker
movieId: DZu12  actor: Zsa Zsa Gabor
movieId: DZu12  actor: Raquel Welch
movieId: DZu12  actor: Pia Zadora
movieId: DZu12  actor: Olympia Dukakis
movieId: DZu12  actor: Mary Lou Retton
movieId: DZu12  actor: James Earl Jones
movieId: DZu12  actor: Phil Donahue
movieId: EAD10  actor: Emil Jannings
movieId: EAD10  actor: Lya dePutti
movieId: EAD10  actor: Maly Delschaft
movieId: EAD10  actor: Warwick Ward
movieId: EaK8  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: EaK8  actor: Bela Lugosi
movieId: EaK8  actor: Richard Arlen
movieId: EaK8  actor: Kathleen Burke
movieId: EaK8  actor: Leila Hyams
movieId: EaK10  actor: Jack Oakie
movieId: EaK10  actor: Carole Lombard
movieId: EaK10  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: EaK10  actor: Bradley Page
movieId: EaK10  actor: Shirley Grey
movieId: EaK10  actor: Adrienne Arns
movieId: EaK10  actor: David Manners
movieId: EaK10  actor: Benton Churchill
movieId: EaK10  actor: Donald Kerr
movieId: EaK10  actor: Nydia Westman
movieId: EaK30  actor: Paul Kelly
movieId: EaK30  actor: Lois Collier
movieId: EaK30  actor: Naoah Beery~jr.
movieId: EaK30  actor: Douglas Dumbrille
movieId: EaK30  actor: Jonathan Hale
movieId: EaK50  actor: Bud Abbott
movieId: EaK50  actor: Lou Costello
movieId: EaK50  actor: William Gargan
movieId: EaK50  actor: Louise Allbritton
movieId: EaK50  actor: Patric Knowles
movieId: EaK50  actor: Don Porter
movieId: EaK50  actor: Jerome Cowan
movieId: EaK50  actor: William Bendix
movieId: EaK50  actor: Mary Wickes
movieId: EaK50  actor: Thomas Gomez
movieId: EaK51  actor: Bud Abbott
movieId: EaK51  actor: Lou Costello
movieId: EaK51  actor: Lionel Attwill
movieId: EaK51  actor: The Ink Spots
movieId: EaK51  actor: Robert Paige
movieId: EaK51  actor: Virginia Bruce
movieId: EaK51  actor: William Demarest
movieId: EaK51  actor: Leif Erickson
movieId: EaK60  actor: Onslow Stevens
movieId: EaK60  actor: Lon Chaney~jr.
movieId: EaK60  actor: John Carradine
movieId: EaK60  actor: Martha ODriscoll
movieId: EaK60  actor: Jane Adams
movieId: EaK60  actor: Glen Strange
movieId: EAr10  actor: Whoopi Goldberg
movieId: EAr10  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: EAr10  actor: Maggie Smith
movieId: EAr10  actor: Mary Wickes
movieId: EAr10  actor: Kathy Najimy
movieId: EAr10  actor: Wendy Makkena
movieId: EAr10  actor: Bill Nunn
movieId: EAr10  actor: s a
movieId: EAr12  actor: Bette Midler
movieId: EAr12  actor: Cynthia Gibb
movieId: EAr12  actor: Peter Riegert
movieId: EAr12  actor: Edward Asner
movieId: EAr12  actor: Christine Ebersole
movieId: EAr12  actor: Andrea Martin
movieId: EAr12  actor: Linda Jer
movieId: EAr12  actor: Jennifer Becks
movieId: EAr12  actor: Tony Shalboub
movieId: EAr12  actor: Mike Nussbaum
movieId: EAr12  actor: Whitney Green
movieId: EAy10  actor: Turkan Soray
movieId: EAy10  actor: Ekrem Bora
movieId: EAy10  actor: Gulsen Tuncer
movieId: EBe5  actor: Larry
movieId: EBe5  actor: Moe
movieId: EBe5  actor: Shemp
movieId: EBe5  actor: George OBrien
movieId: EBe5  actor: Sheila Ryan
movieId: EBe5  actor: Lyle Talbot
movieId: EBe5  actor: Fuzzy Knight
movieId: EBe5  actor: Monte Blue
movieId: EBe7  actor: Joan Davis
movieId: EBe7  actor: Peggie Castle
movieId: EBe7  actor: Arthur Blake
movieId: EBe7  actor: Paul Marion
movieId: EBe7  actor: Minerva Urecal
movieId: EBe10  actor: Huntz Hall
movieId: EBe10  actor: Woody Strode
movieId: EBe10  actor: Clint Walker
movieId: EBe10  actor: Laurette Luez
movieId: EBe10  actor: Leo Gorcey
movieId: EBe30  actor: Curly Joe
movieId: EBe30  actor: Larry
movieId: EBe30  actor: Moe
movieId: EBe30  actor: Emil Sitka
movieId: EBe30  actor: Gene Roth
movieId: EBe30  actor: Samson Burke
movieId: EBe30  actor: s a
movieId: EBe32  actor: Curly Joe
movieId: EBe32  actor: Larry
movieId: EBe32  actor: Moe
movieId: EBe32  actor: Carol Christensen
movieId: EBe32  actor: Emil Sitka
movieId: EBe32  actor: Nestor Paiva
movieId: EBi10  actor: Lauren Bacall
movieId: EBi10  actor: James Garner
movieId: EBi10  actor: Maureen Stapleton
movieId: EBi10  actor: Hector Elizondo
movieId: EBS30  actor: Richard Arlen
movieId: EBS30  actor: Fay Wray
movieId: EBS30  actor: Clive Brook
movieId: EBS30  actor: William Powell
movieId: EBS30  actor: Noah Beery
movieId: EBS50  actor: Robert Armstrong
movieId: EBS50  actor: Fay Wray
movieId: EBS50  actor: Bruce Cabot
movieId: EBS50  actor: Frank Reicher
movieId: EBS50  actor: Sam Hardy
movieId: EBS50  actor: Noble Johnson
movieId: EBS50  actor: Steve Clemento
movieId: EBS50  actor: James Flavin
movieId: EBS90  actor: Robert Armstrong
movieId: EBS90  actor: Terry Moore
movieId: EBS90  actor: sa
movieId: EBS90  actor: Ben Johnson
movieId: EBS90  actor: Frank McHugh
movieId: EBu5  actor: Edward Burns
movieId: EBu8  actor: Jennifer Aniston
movieId: EBu8  actor: Cameron Diaz
movieId: EBu8  actor: Maxine Bahns
movieId: EBu8  actor: John Mahoney
movieId: EBu8  actor: Edward Burns
movieId: EBu8  actor: Mike McGlone
movieId: EBu8  actor: s a
movieId: EBu8  actor: Anita Gillette
movieId: EBu8  actor: Leslie Mann
movieId: EBu10  actor: Lauren Holly
movieId: EBy10  actor: Fred Gwynne
movieId: EBy10  actor: Yvonne deCarlo
movieId: EBy10  actor: Al Lewis
movieId: EBy10  actor: Butch Patrick
movieId: EBy10  actor: Debbie Watson
movieId: EBy10  actor: Hermione Gingold
movieId: EBy10  actor: TerryThomas
movieId: EBy10  actor: John Carradine
movieId: EBy10  actor: Richard Dawson
movieId: EBy10  actor: Cliff Norton
movieId: EBy10  actor: Robert Pine
movieId: EBy20  actor: Robert Culp
movieId: EBy20  actor: Cameron Mitchell
movieId: EBy20  actor: Leif Garrett
movieId: EBy20  actor: Whit Bissell
movieId: EBy20  actor: Richard Baseheart
movieId: EBy20  actor: Barbara Hershey
movieId: EBy20  actor: Martin Milner
movieId: EBy20  actor: Carol Lindley
movieId: EBy20  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: EBy22  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: EBy22  actor: Patty Duke Astin
movieId: EBy22  actor: Neville Brand
movieId: EBy22  actor: Erik Estrada
movieId: EBy22  actor: Lloyd Nolan
movieId: EBy22  actor: Vera Miles
movieId: EBy22  actor: Donna Mills
movieId: EBy22  actor: Gene Evans
movieId: EBy22  actor: Ty Hardin
movieId: EBy22  actor: Alex Cord
movieId: EBz30  actor: Groucho Marx
movieId: EBz30  actor: Chico Marx
movieId: EBz30  actor: Harpo Marx
movieId: EBz30  actor: Margaret Dumont
movieId: EBz30  actor: Florence Rice
movieId: EBz30  actor: Kenny Baker
movieId: EBz30  actor: Eve Arden
movieId: EBz30  actor: Nat Pendleton
movieId: EBz30  actor: Fritz Feld
movieId: EBz35  actor: Groucho Marx
movieId: EBz35  actor: Chico Marx
movieId: EBz35  actor: Harpo Marx
movieId: EBz35  actor: John Carroll
movieId: EBz35  actor: Diana Lewis
movieId: EBz35  actor: Walter Woolf King
movieId: EBz35  actor: Robert Barat
movieId: EBz35  actor: June MacCloy
movieId: EBz46  actor: Robert Sterling
movieId: EBz46  actor: Dan Dailey
movieId: EBz46  actor: Donna Reed
movieId: EBz46  actor: Charles Winninger
movieId: EBz46  actor: Henry ONeil
movieId: EBz60  actor: Esther Williams
movieId: EBz60  actor: Ricardo Montalban
movieId: EBz60  actor: Ted deCorsica
movieId: EBz60  actor: Xavier Cugat
movieId: EBz60  actor: Mike Mazurki
movieId: EBz60  actor: Betty Garrett
movieId: EBz60  actor: Red Skelton
movieId: EBz60  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: ECa62  actor: Sylvia Breamer
movieId: ECa62  actor: J.Warren Kerrigan
movieId: ECa64  actor: Lawrence Tibbett
movieId: ECa64  actor: Grace Moore
movieId: ECa65  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: ECa65  actor: William 'Stage' Boyd
movieId: ECa65  actor: Betty Compson
movieId: ECa65  actor: Kay Johnson
movieId: ECa65  actor: Harry Green
movieId: ECa65  actor: Slim Summerville
movieId: ECh10  actor: Saul Rubinek
movieId: ECh10  actor: R.H. Thompson
movieId: ECl10  actor: Chick Chandler
movieId: ECl10  actor: June Clyde
movieId: ECl10  actor: George Meeker
movieId: ECl10  actor: Michael Raffetto
movieId: ECn166  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: ECn167  actor: W.C. Fields
movieId: ECn167  actor: s a
movieId: ECn167  actor: s a
movieId: ECn167  actor: s a
movieId: ECn167  actor: Grady Sutton
movieId: ECn167  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: ECn167  actor: Franklin Pangborn
movieId: ECn167  actor: Shemp Howard
movieId: ECn168  actor: W.C. Fields
movieId: ECn168  actor: Mae West
movieId: ECn168  actor: Joseph Calleia
movieId: ECn168  actor: Dick Foran
movieId: ECn168  actor: Ruth Donelly
movieId: ECn168  actor: Margaret Hamilton
movieId: ECn168  actor: Donald Meek
movieId: ECn177  actor: Ole Olsen
movieId: ECn177  actor: Chic Johnson
movieId: ECn177  actor: Martha ODriscoll
movieId: ECn177  actor: Patrick Knowles
movieId: ECn177  actor: Lon Chaney~jr.
movieId: ECn177  actor: Shemp Howard
movieId: ECn177  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: ECn177  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: ECn177  actor: Billy Gilbert
movieId: ECn177  actor: Franklin Pangborn
movieId: ECn177  actor: Hans Conried
movieId: ECn177  actor: Count Basie
movieId: ECn177  actor: Five Hertzogs
movieId: ECn177  actor: Fiorello LaGuardia
movieId: EdC10  actor: Alec Guinness
movieId: EdC10  actor: Simon Ward
movieId: EdC10  actor: Doris Kunstmann
movieId: EdC10  actor: Diane Cilento
movieId: EdC10  actor: Eric Porter
movieId: EdC10  actor: Adolfo Celi
movieId: EdC10  actor: Joss Ackland
movieId: EdE10  actor: Jose Sacristan
movieId: EDF10  actor: Eduarado DeFilippo
movieId: EDi12  actor: Ice T
movieId: EDi12  actor: Rutger Hauer
movieId: EDi12  actor: Gary Busey
movieId: EDi12  actor: Bill Hawkins
movieId: EDi12  actor: John C. McGinley
movieId: EDi12  actor: Charles S. Dutton
movieId: EDi12  actor: F.Murray Abrahams
movieId: EDi14  actor: Billy Zale
movieId: EDi14  actor: William Saddler
movieId: EDi14  actor: Jada Pinkett
movieId: EDi14  actor: Brenda Bakke
movieId: EDi14  actor: C.C.H. Pounder
movieId: EDi14  actor: Thomas Haden Church
movieId: EdK10  actor: Herman Brix
movieId: EdK10  actor: Ula Holt
movieId: EdK10  actor: Frank Baker
movieId: EdK10  actor: Dale Walsh
movieId: EdK15  actor: Herman Brix
movieId: EdK15  actor: Ula Holt
movieId: EdK15  actor: Frank Baker
movieId: EdK15  actor: Dale Walsh
movieId: EDm18  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: EDm18  actor: Robert Ryan
movieId: EDm18  actor: Ruth Hussey
movieId: EDm18  actor: Patricia Collinge
movieId: EDm18  actor: Mady Christians
movieId: EDm18  actor: Kim Hunter
movieId: EDm18  actor: Jane Darwell
movieId: EDm20  actor: Milburn Stone
movieId: EDm20  actor: Evelyn Ankers
movieId: EDm20  actor: John Carradine
movieId: EDm20  actor: Acquanetta
movieId: EDm20  actor: Clyde Beatty
movieId: EDm20  actor: Lloyd Corrigan
movieId: EDm20  actor: Fay Hemlm
movieId: EDm22  actor: Dick Powell
movieId: EDm22  actor: Claire Trevor
movieId: EDm22  actor: Anne Shirley
movieId: EDm22  actor: Mike Mazurki
movieId: EDm22  actor: Otto Kruger
movieId: EDm22  actor: Esther Howard
movieId: EDm22  actor: Miles Mander
movieId: EDm22  actor: Ralf Harolde
movieId: EDm24  actor: Dick Powell
movieId: EDm25  actor: Dorothy McGuire
movieId: EDm25  actor: Guy Madison
movieId: EDm25  actor: Bill William
movieId: EDm25  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: EDm25  actor: Tom Tully
movieId: EDm25  actor: William Gargan
movieId: EDm25  actor: Jean Porter
movieId: EDm25  actor: Johnny Sands
movieId: EDm25  actor: Loren Tindall
movieId: EDm25  actor: Ruth Nelson
movieId: EDm25  actor: Selena Reynolds
movieId: EDm25  actor: Harry vanZell
movieId: EDm25  actor: Richard Benedict
movieId: EDm26  actor: Robert Young
movieId: EDm26  actor: Robert Ryan
movieId: EDm26  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: EDm26  actor: Gloria Grahame
movieId: EDm26  actor: George Cooper
movieId: EDm26  actor: May Mitchell
movieId: EDm26  actor: Richard Benedict
movieId: EDm26  actor: Sam Levene
movieId: EDm26  actor: Paul Kelly
movieId: EDm26  actor: Steve Brodie
movieId: EDm26  actor: Lex Baxter
movieId: EDm34  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: EDm34  actor: Fred MacMurray
movieId: EDm34  actor: Jose Ferrer
movieId: EDm34  actor: Van Johnson
movieId: EDm34  actor: Lee Marvin
movieId: EDm34  actor: E.G. Marshall
movieId: EDm35  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: EDm35  actor: Richard Widmark
movieId: EDm35  actor: Robert Wagner
movieId: EDm35  actor: Jean Peters
movieId: EDm35  actor: Katy Jurado
movieId: EDm35  actor: Hugh OBrian
movieId: EDm35  actor: Eduard Franz
movieId: EDm37  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: EDm37  actor: Susan Hayward
movieId: EDm37  actor: Michael Rennie
movieId: EDm38  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: EDm38  actor: Gene Tierney
movieId: EDm38  actor: Lee J. Cobb
movieId: EDm38  actor: E.G. Marshall
movieId: EDm38  actor: Agenes Moorehead
movieId: EDm39  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: EDm39  actor: Robert Wagner
movieId: EDm39  actor: Claire Trevor
movieId: EDm39  actor: William Demarest
movieId: EDm39  actor: E.G. Marshall
movieId: EDm41  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: EDm41  actor: Dean Martin
movieId: EDm43  actor: May Britt
movieId: EDm43  actor: Curt Jurgens
movieId: EDm43  actor: Theodore Bikel
movieId: EDm43  actor: John Banner
movieId: EDm44  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: EDm44  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: EDm46  actor: George Peppard
movieId: EDm46  actor: Carl Baker
movieId: EDm46  actor: Alan Ladd
movieId: EDm46  actor: Elisabeth Ashley
movieId: EDm46  actor: s a
movieId: EDm46  actor: s a
movieId: EDm46  actor: s a
movieId: EDm46  actor: s a
movieId: EDm46  actor: s a
movieId: EDm46  actor: s a
movieId: EDm55  actor: William Holden
movieId: EDm55  actor: Richard Widmark
movieId: EDm55  actor: Janice Rule
movieId: EDm40  actor: Montgomery Clift
movieId: EDm40  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: EDm40  actor: Eva Marie Saint
movieId: EDm40  actor: Nigel Patrick
movieId: EDm40  actor: Lee Marvin
movieId: EDm40  actor: Rod Taylor
movieId: EDm40  actor: Abnes Moorehead
movieId: EDm40  actor: Walter Abel
movieId: EDm40  actor: Jarma Lewis
movieId: EDm40  actor: Tom Drake
movieId: EDm40  actor: Gardner McKay
movieId: EDm40  actor: Rhys Williams
movieId: EDm58  actor: Richard Burton
movieId: EDm58  actor: Raquel Welch
movieId: EDm58  actor: Joey Heatherton
movieId: EDm58  actor: Virna Lisi
movieId: EDm58  actor: Sybil Danning
movieId: EDm58  actor: Agostina Belli
movieId: EDm58  actor: Nathalie Delon
movieId: EDm58  actor: Marilu Toto
movieId: EDm58  actor: Karin Schubert
movieId: EDr10  actor: Tom Everett
movieId: EDr10  actor: David Moscow
movieId: EdS50  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: EdS50  actor: Marceline Day
movieId: EdS50  actor: Edward Brophy
movieId: EdS50  actor: Josephine
movieId: EdS60  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: EdS60  actor: Anita Page
movieId: EdS60  actor: Robert Montgomery
movieId: EdS60  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: EdS70  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: EdS70  actor: Jimmy Durante
movieId: EdS75  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: EdS75  actor: Jimmy Durante
movieId: EdS75  actor: Thelma Todd
movieId: EdS75  actor: Ruth Selwyn
movieId: EDW10  actor: Edward D. Wood~jr.
movieId: EDW10  actor: Lyle Talbot
movieId: EDW10  actor: Timothy Farrell
movieId: EDW10  actor: Dolores Fuller
movieId: EDW10  actor: Tommy Haynes
movieId: EDW10  actor: Bela Lugosi
movieId: EDW13  actor: Dolores Fuller
movieId: EDW13  actor: Lyle Talbot
movieId: EDW13  actor: Steve Reeves
movieId: EDW13  actor: Theodora Thurman
movieId: EDW14  actor: Bela Lugosi
movieId: EDW14  actor: Tor Johnson
movieId: EDW14  actor: s a
movieId: EDW22  actor: Bela Lugosi
movieId: EDW22  actor: Tor Johnson
movieId: EDW22  actor: Gregory Ealcott
movieId: EDW22  actor: Mona McKinnon
movieId: EDW22  actor: Vampyra
movieId: EDW22  actor: Lyle Talbot
movieId: EdY10  actor: s a
movieId: EFo10  actor: Shari Eubank
movieId: EFo10  actor: Scatman Crothers
movieId: EFo10  actor: Fred Willard
movieId: EFo10  actor: Frank Campanella
movieId: EFo10  actor: Dorri Thompson
movieId: EFo10  actor: Rosanne Katon
movieId: EFo10  actor: Marcie Barkin
movieId: EG3  actor: Greta Garbo
movieId: EG3  actor: John Gilbert
movieId: EG3  actor: Brandon Hurst
movieId: EG3  actor: Philippe deLacy
movieId: EG3  actor: George Fawcett
movieId: EG3  actor: Emily Fitzroy
movieId: EG10  actor: Marion Davis
movieId: EG10  actor: Jimmy Durante
movieId: EG10  actor: Robert Montgomery
movieId: EG10  actor: Billie Dove
movieId: EG10  actor: James Gleson
movieId: EG10  actor: Zasu Pitts
movieId: EG10  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: EG10  actor: Douglas Dumbrille
movieId: EG11  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: EG11  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: EG11  actor: John Barrymore
movieId: EG11  actor: Wallace Beery
movieId: EG11  actor: Jean Hersholt
movieId: EG11  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: EG16  actor: Errol Flynn
movieId: EG16  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: EG16  actor: David Niven
movieId: EG16  actor: Melville Cooper
movieId: EG16  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: EG16  actor: Barry Fitzgerald
movieId: EG16  actor: Carl Esmond
movieId: EG17  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: EG17  actor: George Brent
movieId: EG17  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: EG17  actor: Ronald Reagan
movieId: EG17  actor: Geraldine Fitzgerald
movieId: EG17  actor: Henry Travers
movieId: EG17  actor: Cora Witherspoon
movieId: EG17  actor: Dorothy Peterson
movieId: EG18  actor: Betty Davis
movieId: EG18  actor: Miriam Hopkins
movieId: EG18  actor: George Brent
movieId: EG18  actor: Jane Bryan
movieId: EG18  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: EG18  actor: Louise Fazenda
movieId: EG18  actor: Jerome Cowan
movieId: EG18  actor: William Lundigan
movieId: EG20  actor: Tyrone Power
movieId: EG20  actor: Gene Tierney
movieId: EG20  actor: Anne Baxter
movieId: EG20  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: EG20  actor: Clifton Webb
movieId: EG20  actor: Lucile Watson
movieId: EG20  actor: Frank Latimore
movieId: EG20  actor: Elsa Lanchester
movieId: EG20  actor: Fritz Korther
movieId: EG20  actor: Jon Wengraf
movieId: EG20  actor: Cecil Humphreys
movieId: EG20  actor: John Payne
movieId: EG23  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: EG23  actor: Joan Fontaine
movieId: EG23  actor: Alexis Smith
movieId: EG23  actor: Brenda Marshall
movieId: EG23  actor: Charles Coburn
movieId: EG23  actor: May Whitty
movieId: EG23  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: EG23  actor: Joyce Reynolds
movieId: EG23  actor: Jean Muir
movieId: EG23  actor: Edward Cianelli
movieId: EG23  actor: Montagu Love
movieId: EG23  actor: Andre Charlot
movieId: EG24  actor: Dorothy McGuire
movieId: EG24  actor: Robert Young
movieId: EG24  actor: Ina Claire
movieId: EG24  actor: s a
movieId: EG24  actor: s a
movieId: EG24  actor: Olga Baclanova
movieId: EG24  actor: Reginald Gardiner
movieId: EG25  actor: Paul Henreid
movieId: EG25  actor: Eleanor Parker
movieId: EG25  actor: Alexis Smith
movieId: EG25  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: EG25  actor: Patric Knowles
movieId: EG25  actor: Janis Paige
movieId: EG25  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: EG27  actor: Tyrone Power
movieId: EG27  actor: s a
movieId: EG27  actor: Joan Blondell
movieId: EG27  actor: Ian Keith
movieId: EG27  actor: Coleen Gray
movieId: EG27  actor: Helen Walker
movieId: EG27  actor: Taylor Holmes
movieId: EG27  actor: Mike Mazurki
movieId: EG28  actor: Celeste Holm
movieId: EG28  actor: Paul Douglas
movieId: EG28  actor: Linda Darnell
movieId: EG28  actor: Charles Coburn
movieId: EG28  actor: Millard Mitchell
movieId: EG28  actor: Goerge Tobias
movieId: EG28  actor: Lucile Watson
movieId: EG28  actor: John Hoyt
movieId: EG28  actor: Leon Belasco
movieId: EGC10  actor: Michael Sarrazin
movieId: EGC10  actor: Ursula Andress
movieId: EGC10  actor: Aldo Maccione
movieId: EgM10  actor: Gina Lollobrigida
movieId: EgM10  actor: James Mason
movieId: EgM10  actor: Lee VanCleef
movieId: EgM12  actor: Telly Savalas
movieId: EgM12  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: EgM12  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: EGU1  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: EGU1  actor: Bela Lugosi
movieId: EGU1  actor: David Manners
movieId: EGU1  actor: Jaquline Wells
movieId: EGU1  actor: Egon Brecher
movieId: EGU17  actor: John Carradine
movieId: EGU17  actor: Jean Parker
movieId: EGU17  actor: Ludwig Stoessel
movieId: EGU17  actor: Nils Asther
movieId: EGU17  actor: Iris Adrian
movieId: EGU18  actor: sa s a
movieId: EGU40  actor: Gloria Talbot
movieId: EGU40  actor: John Agar
movieId: EGU40  actor: Artuhr Shield
movieId: EGU40  actor: Barry Fitzgerald
movieId: EHe10  actor: JeanIves Dubois
movieId: EHG15  actor: Ann Harding
movieId: EHG15  actor: Robert Ames
movieId: EHG15  actor: Mary Astor
movieId: EHG15  actor: Edward Everett Horton
movieId: EHG15  actor: Monroe Owsley
movieId: EHG15  actor: Hedda Hopper
movieId: EHG15  actor: William Holden
movieId: EHG20  actor: Leslie Howard
movieId: EHG20  actor: Ann Harding
movieId: EHG20  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: EHG20  actor: Neil Hamilton
movieId: EHG20  actor: William Gargan
movieId: EHG20  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: EHG20  actor: Ilka Chase
movieId: EHG30  actor: Margaret Sullavan
movieId: EHG30  actor: James Stewart
movieId: EHG30  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: EHG30  actor: Grant Mitchell
movieId: EHG30  actor: Robert McWade
movieId: EHG30  actor: Anne Demetrio
movieId: EHG38  actor: Douglas Fairbanks~jr
movieId: EHG38  actor: Madeleine Carroll
movieId: EHG38  actor: Tulio Carminata
movieId: EHG38  actor: Billy Gilbert
movieId: EHG38  actor: Muriel Angelus
movieId: EHG38  actor: Lynne Overman
movieId: EHG38  actor: Estelle Brody
movieId: EHG48  actor: William Holden
movieId: EHG48  actor: Susan Hayward
movieId: EHG48  actor: Robert Benchley
movieId: EHG48  actor: Eddie Bracken
movieId: EHG48  actor: James Brown
movieId: EHG48  actor: Barbara Britton
movieId: EHG50  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: EHG50  actor: Joan Leslie
movieId: EHG50  actor: Robert Benchley
movieId: EHG50  actor: Robert Ryan
movieId: EHG50  actor: Elizabeth Patterson
movieId: EHG50  actor: Marjorie Gateson
movieId: EHG50  actor: Eric Blore
movieId: EHG50  actor: Paul Hurst
movieId: EHG50  actor: Clarence Kolb
movieId: EHG50  actor: Freddie Slack
movieId: EHo10  actor: Johnny Yune
movieId: EHo10  actor: Margaux Hemingway
movieId: EHo10  actor: Ralph Mauro
movieId: EiC10  actor: s a
movieId: EJL10  actor: Harry Carey
movieId: EJL10  actor: Stella Rosato
movieId: EJL10  actor: George Berrill
movieId: EJL10  actor: Frank Lanning
movieId: EJL10  actor: Joe Rickson
movieId: EJL10  actor: Hart Hoxie
movieId: EK1  actor: Peggy Ann Garner
movieId: EK1  actor: James Dunn
movieId: EK1  actor: Dorothy McGuire
movieId: EK1  actor: Joan Blondell
movieId: EK1  actor: Lloyd Nolan
movieId: EK1  actor: Ted Donaldson
movieId: EK1  actor: James Gleason
movieId: EK1  actor: Ruth Nelson
movieId: EK1  actor: John Alexander
movieId: EK1  actor: Adelene deWalt Reynolds
movieId: EK1  actor: Charles Halton
movieId: EK2  actor: Stathis Giallelis
movieId: EK2  actor: Paul Mann
movieId: EK2  actor: Linda Marsh
movieId: EK2  actor: Lou Antinio
movieId: EK2  actor: Salem Ludwig
movieId: EK2  actor: Frank Wolff
movieId: EK2  actor: John Marley
movieId: EK3  actor: Dana Andrews
movieId: EK3  actor: Jane Wyatt
movieId: EK3  actor: Lee J. Cobb
movieId: EK3  actor: Cara Williams
movieId: EK4  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: EK4  actor: Dorothy McGuire
movieId: EK4  actor: John Garfield
movieId: EK4  actor: Celeste Holm
movieId: EK4  actor: Anne Revere
movieId: EK4  actor: June Havoc
movieId: EK4  actor: Albert Dekker
movieId: EK4  actor: s a
movieId: EK4  actor: Jane Wyatt
movieId: EK4  actor: Dean Stockwell
movieId: EK4  actor: Nicholas Joy
movieId: EK4  actor: Sam Jaffe
movieId: EK4  actor: Harold Vermilyea
movieId: EK4  actor: Ransom M. Sherman
movieId: EK4  actor: Kathleen Lockhart
movieId: EK5  actor: Richard Widmark
movieId: EK5  actor: Jack Palance
movieId: EK5  actor: Paul Douglas
movieId: EK5  actor: Barbara BelGeddes
movieId: EK5  actor: Zero Mostel
movieId: EK6  actor: Vivien Leigh
movieId: EK6  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: EK6  actor: Kim Hunter
movieId: EK6  actor: Karl Malden
movieId: EK7  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: EK7  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: EK7  actor: Margo
movieId: EK9  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: EK9  actor: Eva Marie Saint
movieId: EK9  actor: Rod Steiger
movieId: EK9  actor: Lee J. Cobb
movieId: EK9  actor: Karl Malden
movieId: EK9  actor: Leif Erickson
movieId: EK9  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: EK9  actor: Tony Galento
movieId: EK9  actor: Fred Gwynne
movieId: EK9  actor: Clifton James
movieId: EK9  actor: Pat Henning
movieId: EK9  actor: Nehemiah Persoff
movieId: EK9  actor: Michael V. Gasso
movieId: EK10  actor: James Dean
movieId: EK10  actor: Raymond Massey
movieId: EK10  actor: Richard Davolos
movieId: EK10  actor: Julie Harris
movieId: EK10  actor: Burl Ives
movieId: EK10  actor: Jo VanFleet
movieId: EK10  actor: Albert Dekker
movieId: EK10  actor: Lois Smith
movieId: EK10  actor: Barbara Baxley
movieId: EK10  actor: Timothy Carey
movieId: EK10  actor: Jonathan Haze
movieId: EK10  actor: Mario Siletti
movieId: EK10  actor: Harold Gordon
movieId: EK10  actor: Lonny Chapman
movieId: EK10  actor: Nick Dennis
movieId: EK10  actor: Dick Davalos
movieId: EK11  actor: Karl Malden
movieId: EK11  actor: Carroll Baker
movieId: EK11  actor: s a
movieId: EK11  actor: Eli Wallach
movieId: EK12  actor: Andy Griffith
movieId: EK12  actor: Lee Remick
movieId: EK12  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: EK12  actor: Patricia Neal
movieId: EK12  actor: Anthony Franciosa
movieId: EK12  actor: Percy Waram
movieId: EK12  actor: Marshall Neilan
movieId: EK14  actor: Natalie Wood
movieId: EK14  actor: Warren Beatty
movieId: EK14  actor: Pat Hingle
movieId: EK14  actor: Audrey Christie
movieId: EK14  actor: Barbara Loden
movieId: EK14  actor: Zohra Lampert
movieId: EK14  actor: Sandy Dennis
movieId: EK14  actor: Martine Bartlett
movieId: EK14  actor: Gary Lockwood
movieId: EK14  actor: Phyllis Diller
movieId: EK14  actor: William Inge
movieId: EK15  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: EK15  actor: Faye Dunaway
movieId: EK18  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: EK18  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: EK18  actor: Ingrid Boulting
movieId: EK18  actor: Tony Curtis
movieId: EK18  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: EK18  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: EK18  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: EK18  actor: Donald Pleasence
movieId: EK18  actor: Dana Andrews
movieId: EK18  actor: John Carradine
movieId: EK18  actor: Theresa Russell
movieId: EK18  actor: Cecila Brady
movieId: EK20  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: EK20  actor: Jonny Depp
movieId: EK20  actor: Faye Dunaway
movieId: EK20  actor: Juan deMarco
movieId: EKu5  actor: Ljubica Adzovic
movieId: EKu5  actor: Davor Dujmovic
movieId: EKu5  actor: Sinolicka Trpkova
movieId: EKu5  actor: Husnija Hasimovic
movieId: EKu5  actor: Elvira Sali
movieId: EKu5  actor: Bora Todorovic
movieId: EL9  actor: Ernst Lubitsch
movieId: EL9  actor: Else Kentner
movieId: EL9  actor: Ossi Oswalda
movieId: EL13  actor: Ernst Lubitsch
movieId: EL13  actor: Emil Jannings
movieId: EL13  actor: Ossi Oswalda
movieId: EL15  actor: Harry Liedtke
movieId: EL15  actor: Ossi Oswalda
movieId: EL15  actor: Emil Jannings
movieId: EL19  actor: Pola Negri
movieId: EL19  actor: Max Laurens
movieId: EL19  actor: Harry Liedtke
movieId: EL19  actor: Emil Jannings
movieId: EL21  actor: Pola Negri
movieId: EL21  actor: Harry Liedtke
movieId: EL21  actor: Paul Biensfeldt
movieId: EL29  actor: Ossi Oswalda
movieId: EL29  actor: Victor Jansen
movieId: EL29  actor: Julius Falkenstein
movieId: EL29  actor: Harry Liedtke
movieId: EL31  actor: Emil Jannings
movieId: EL31  actor: Pola Negri
movieId: EL31  actor: Harry Liedtke
movieId: EL31  actor: Reinhold Schunzel
movieId: EL32  actor: Ossi Oswalda
movieId: EL32  actor: Hermann Thimig
movieId: EL32  actor: Victor Jansen
movieId: EL33  actor: Lotte Neumann
movieId: EL33  actor: Gustav vonWangenheim
movieId: EL33  actor: Jacob Tiedtke
movieId: EL33  actor: Ernst R\"uckert
movieId: EL34  actor: Henny Porten
movieId: EL34  actor: Henny Porten
movieId: EL34  actor: Gustav vonWangenheim
movieId: EL34  actor: Emil Jannings
movieId: EL34  actor: Jacob Tiedtke
movieId: EL35  actor: Ferry Sikla
movieId: EL35  actor: Ossi Oswalda
movieId: EL35  actor: Kurt G\"otz
movieId: EL36  actor: Pola Negri
movieId: EL36  actor: Jenny Hasselqvist
movieId: EL36  actor: Harry Liedtke
movieId: EL36  actor: Paul Wegener
movieId: EL36  actor: Ernst Lubitsch
movieId: EL37  actor: Emil Jannings
movieId: EL37  actor: Henny Porten
movieId: EL37  actor: Hedwig Pauly
movieId: EL37  actor: Aud Egede Nissen
movieId: EL37  actor: Ludwig Hartau
movieId: EL37  actor: Paul Hartman
movieId: EL38  actor: Pola Negri
movieId: EL38  actor: Paul Heideman
movieId: EL38  actor: Victor Jansen
movieId: EL38  actor: Hermann Thimig
movieId: EL39  actor: Emil Jannings
movieId: EL39  actor: Harry Liedtke
movieId: EL39  actor: Dagny Servaes
movieId: EL39  actor: Paul Wegener
movieId: EL39  actor: Lyda Salmanova
movieId: EL40  actor: Pola Negri
movieId: EL40  actor: Hermann Thimig
movieId: EL40  actor: Alfred Abel
movieId: EL40  actor: Hilde W\"orner
movieId: EL41  actor: Mary Pickford
movieId: EL42  actor: Monte Blue
movieId: EL42  actor: Marie Prevost
movieId: EL42  actor: s a
movieId: EL42  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: EL44  actor: Pola Negri
movieId: EL44  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: EL44  actor: Rod LaRoque
movieId: EL44  actor: Pauline Starke
movieId: EL44  actor: Fred Malatesta
movieId: EL46  actor: May McAvoy
movieId: EL46  actor: Bert Lytell
movieId: EL46  actor: Irene Rich
movieId: EL46  actor: Ronald Coleman
movieId: EL48  actor: Ramon Novarro
movieId: EL48  actor: Norma Shearer
movieId: EL48  actor: Jean Hersholt
movieId: EL48  actor: Gustav vonSeyfferlitz
movieId: EL48  actor: Phillippe deLacy
movieId: EL49  actor: Emil Jannings
movieId: EL49  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: EL49  actor: Florence Vidor
movieId: EL49  actor: Neil Hamilton
movieId: EL51  actor: Maurice Chevalier
movieId: EL51  actor: Jeanette MacDonald
movieId: EL51  actor: Lupino Lane
movieId: EL51  actor: Lilian Roth
movieId: EL51  actor: Lionel Belmore
movieId: EL51  actor: Albert Roccardi
movieId: EL51  actor: Carleton Stockdale
movieId: EL51  actor: Yola dAvril
movieId: EL51  actor: Andre Sheron
movieId: EL51  actor: Russell Powell
movieId: EL51  actor: Winter Hall
movieId: EL51  actor: Ben Turpin
movieId: EL51  actor: Margaret Fealy
movieId: EL51  actor: Virginia Bruce
movieId: EL51  actor: Jean Harlow
movieId: EL52  actor: Ruth Chatterton
movieId: EL52  actor: Fredric March
movieId: EL52  actor: Clara Bow
movieId: EL52  actor: Jack Oakie
movieId: EL52  actor: Skeets Galagher
movieId: EL52  actor: Helen Kane
movieId: EL52  actor: William Powell
movieId: EL52  actor: Clive Brook
movieId: EL52  actor: Nancy Carroll
movieId: EL52  actor: Maurice Chevalier
movieId: EL52  actor: Jean Arthur
movieId: EL52  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: EL52  actor: Fay Wray
movieId: EL52  actor: Nino Martini
movieId: EL52  actor: Lillian Roth
movieId: EL52  actor: Dennis King
movieId: EL52  actor: Kay Francis
movieId: EL52  actor: Buddy Rogers
movieId: EL53  actor: Jack Buchanan
movieId: EL53  actor: Jeanette MacDonald
movieId: EL53  actor: Claud Allister
movieId: EL53  actor: Zasu Pitts
movieId: EL53  actor: Lionel Belmore
movieId: EL53  actor: Tyler Brooke
movieId: EL53  actor: John Roche
movieId: EL53  actor: Albert Conti
movieId: EL53  actor: Helen Garden
movieId: EL53  actor: Donald Novis
movieId: EL53  actor: Erc Bye
movieId: EL53  actor: David Percy
movieId: EL53  actor: Billy Bevan
movieId: EL53  actor: Sidney Bracey
movieId: EL54  actor: Maurice Chevalier
movieId: EL54  actor: Claudette Colbert
movieId: EL54  actor: Charlie Ruggles
movieId: EL54  actor: Miriam Hopkins
movieId: EL55  actor: Phillips Holmes
movieId: EL55  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: EL55  actor: Nancy Carrol
movieId: EL55  actor: Zasu Pitts
movieId: EL55  actor: Tom Douglas
movieId: EL55  actor: Lucien Littlefield
movieId: EL55  actor: Tully Marshall
movieId: EL55  actor: Louise Carter
movieId: EL55  actor: Emma Dunn
movieId: EL56  actor: Maurice Chevalier
movieId: EL56  actor: Jeanette MacDonald
movieId: EL56  actor: Genevieve Tobin
movieId: EL56  actor: Charles Ruggles
movieId: EL56  actor: Roland Young
movieId: EL56  actor: Richard Carle
movieId: EL56  actor: Barbara Leonard
movieId: EL56  actor: Josephine Dunn
movieId: EL56  actor: George Barbier
movieId: EL56  actor: Charles Judels
movieId: EL56  actor: Donald Novis
movieId: EL57  actor: Miriam Hopkins
movieId: EL57  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: EL57  actor: Kay Francis
movieId: EL57  actor: Edward Everett Horton
movieId: EL57  actor: Charles Ruggles
movieId: EL57  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: EL57  actor: Robert Greig
movieId: EL57  actor: Leonid Kinsky
movieId: EL57  actor: Edward Everett Horton
movieId: EL57  actor: Tyler Brooke
movieId: EL60  actor: Miriam Hopkins
movieId: EL60  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: EL60  actor: Fredric March
movieId: EL60  actor: Edward Everett Horton
movieId: EL60  actor: Franklin Pangborn
movieId: EL61  actor: Maurice Chevalier
movieId: EL61  actor: Jeanette MacDonald
movieId: EL61  actor: Edward Everett Horton
movieId: EL61  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: EL62  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: EL62  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: EL62  actor: Melvyn Douglas
movieId: EL63  actor: Claudette Colbert
movieId: EL63  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: EL63  actor: David Niven
movieId: EL63  actor: Herman Bing
movieId: EL63  actor: Edward Everett Horton
movieId: EL63  actor: Elizabeth Patterson
movieId: EL63  actor: Franklin Pangborn
movieId: EL63  actor: Warren Hymer
movieId: EL63  actor: Sacha Guitry
movieId: EL64  actor: Greta Garbo
movieId: EL64  actor: Melvyn Douglas
movieId: EL64  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: EL64  actor: Alexander Granach
movieId: EL64  actor: Felix Bressart
movieId: EL64  actor: Ina Claire
movieId: EL64  actor: Bela Lugosi
movieId: EL65  actor: James Stewart
movieId: EL65  actor: Margaret Sullavan
movieId: EL65  actor: Frank Morgan
movieId: EL65  actor: Sara Haden
movieId: EL65  actor: Joseph Schildkraut
movieId: EL65  actor: Felix Bressart
movieId: EL65  actor: Edwin Maxwell
movieId: EL65  actor: Inez Courtney
movieId: EL65  actor: William Tracy
movieId: EL65  actor: Carole Lombard
movieId: EL67  actor: Jack Benny
movieId: EL67  actor: Robert Stack
movieId: EL67  actor: Felix Bressart
movieId: EL67  actor: Stanley Ridges
movieId: EL67  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: EL67  actor: Tom Dugan
movieId: EL67  actor: Miles Mander
movieId: EL67  actor: Halliwell Hobbes
movieId: EL68  actor: Don Ameche
movieId: EL68  actor: Gene Tierney
movieId: EL68  actor: Laird Cregar
movieId: EL68  actor: Spring Byington
movieId: EL68  actor: Charles Coburn
movieId: EL68  actor: Allyn Joslyn
movieId: EL68  actor: Signe Hasso
movieId: EL68  actor: Marjorie Main
movieId: EL69  actor: Jennifer Jones
movieId: EL69  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: EL69  actor: Sara Allgood
movieId: ElB10  actor: Patrick Swayze
movieId: ElB10  actor: Jennifer Grey
movieId: ElB10  actor: Jerry Ohrbach
movieId: ElB10  actor: Cynthia Rhodes
movieId: ElB10  actor: Kelly Bishop
movieId: ElB10  actor: s a
movieId: ElB10  actor: s a
movieId: ElB10  actor: Bill C
movieId: ElB10  actor: Pauli Trueman
movieId: ElB10  actor: Jack Weston
movieId: ElB10  actor: s a
movieId: ELC2  actor: Walter Huston
movieId: ELC2  actor: Harry Carey
movieId: ELC195  actor: Richard Anderson
movieId: ELC195  actor: Elaine Edwards
movieId: ELC195  actor: Adele Mara
movieId: ELC195  actor: Gary Moore
movieId: ELC195  actor: Felix Locher
movieId: ELC200  actor: Cameron Mitchell
movieId: ELC200  actor: Allison Hayes
movieId: ELC200  actor: s a
movieId: ELh1  actor: Richard Benjamin
movieId: ELh1  actor: Karen Black
movieId: ELh1  actor: Lee Grant
movieId: ELh1  actor: Jill Clayburgh
movieId: ELh1  actor: Jack Somack
movieId: ELh1  actor: Jeannie Berlin
movieId: ELM2  actor: Bela Lugosi
movieId: ELM2  actor: Mona Maris
movieId: ELM2  actor: David Manners
movieId: ELM2  actor: Adrienne Ames
movieId: ELM2  actor: Vince Barnett
movieId: ELM15  actor: Reginald Owen
movieId: ELM15  actor: Gene Lockhart
movieId: ELM15  actor: Kathleen Lockhart
movieId: ELM15  actor: Terry Kilburn
movieId: ELM15  actor: Leo G. Carrol
movieId: ELM15  actor: Lynne Carver
movieId: ELM15  actor: Lionel Braham
movieId: ELM15  actor: Ann Rutherford
movieId: ELM15  actor: dArcy Corrigan
movieId: ELM17  actor: Ann Sothern
movieId: ELM17  actor: Robert Young
movieId: ELM17  actor: Ian Hunter
movieId: ELM17  actor: Ruth Hussey
movieId: ELM17  actor: Cliff Edwards
movieId: ELM17  actor: George Tobias
movieId: ELM17  actor: Anthony Allan
movieId: ELM17  actor: Willie Fung
movieId: ELM17  actor: Robert Middlemass
movieId: ELM19  actor: Ann Sothern
movieId: ELM19  actor: Virginia Weidler
movieId: ELM19  actor: Slim Summerville
movieId: ELM19  actor: Mary nash
movieId: ELM19  actor: Scotty Beckett
movieId: ELM21  actor: Ann Sothern
movieId: ELM21  actor: Lew Ayres
movieId: ELM21  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: ELM21  actor: Edward Ashley
movieId: ELM21  actor: Joan Perry
movieId: ELM21  actor: Paul Cavanagh
movieId: ELM22  actor: Eddie Cantor
movieId: ELM22  actor: Joan Davis
movieId: ELM22  actor: George Murphy
movieId: ELM22  actor: Constance Moore
movieId: ELM22  actor: Don Douglas
movieId: ELM22  actor: Nancy Kelly
movieId: ELM24  actor: John Wayne
movieId: ELM24  actor: Ella Raines
movieId: ELM24  actor: Audrey Long
movieId: ELM26  actor: George Raft
movieId: ELM26  actor: Claire Tevor
movieId: ELM26  actor: Signe Hasso
movieId: ELM26  actor: Lowell Gilmore
movieId: ELM26  actor: Hoagy Charmichael
movieId: ELM26  actor: Marvin Miller
movieId: ELM29  actor: Robert Young
movieId: ELM29  actor: Barbara Hale
movieId: ELM29  actor: Frank Morgan
movieId: ELM29  actor: James Gleason
movieId: ELM29  actor: Don Rice
movieId: ELM29  actor: Harry Davenport
movieId: ELM29  actor: Lloyd Corrigan
movieId: ELM35  actor: Randolph Scott
movieId: ELM35  actor: Lloyd Bridges
movieId: ELM35  actor: s a
movieId: ELM35  actor: s a
movieId: ElN2  actor: Irene Dunne
movieId: ElN2  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: ElN2  actor: Clive Brook
movieId: ElN2  actor: Nils Asther
movieId: ElN2  actor: Laura Hope Crews
movieId: ElN2  actor: Viva Tobin
movieId: ElN2  actor: Lorraine McLean
movieId: ElN5  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: ElN5  actor: Miriam Hopkins
movieId: ElN5  actor: Kitty Carlisle
movieId: ElN5  actor: Edward Nugent
movieId: ElN5  actor: Lynne Overman
movieId: ElN5  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: ElN5  actor: Warren Hymer
movieId: ElN5  actor: George Barbier
movieId: ElN7  actor: Martha Raye
movieId: ElN7  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: ElN7  actor: Andy Devine
movieId: ElN7  actor: Alan Mowbray
movieId: ElN7  actor: Gale Sondergaard
movieId: ElN7  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: ElN7  actor: Ernest Cossart
movieId: ElN7  actor: Monty Woolley
movieId: ElN7  actor: Christian Rub
movieId: ElN8  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: ElN8  actor: Paulette Goddard
movieId: ElN8  actor: Gale Sondergaard
movieId: ElN8  actor: Douglass Montgomery
movieId: ElN8  actor: John Beal
movieId: ElN8  actor: George Zucco
movieId: ElN8  actor: Nydia Westman
movieId: ElN8  actor: Elizabeth Patterson
movieId: ElN10  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: ElN10  actor: Paulette Goddard
movieId: ElN10  actor: Edward Arnold
movieId: ElN10  actor: Leif Erikson
movieId: ElN10  actor: Glen anders
movieId: ElN10  actor: Helen Vinson
movieId: ElN10  actor: Grant Mitchell
movieId: ElN11  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: ElN11  actor: Olivia deHavilland
movieId: ElN11  actor: Jack Carson
movieId: ElN11  actor: Joan Leslie
movieId: ElN11  actor: Eugene Pallette
movieId: ElN11  actor: Don Defore
movieId: ElN11  actor: Herbert Anderson
movieId: ElN11  actor: Hattie McDaniel
movieId: ElN13  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: ElN13  actor: Dorothy Lamour
movieId: ElN13  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: ElN13  actor: Lon Chaney~jr.
movieId: ElN13  actor: John Hoyt
movieId: ElN13  actor: Charles Dingle
movieId: ElN13  actor: Frank Puglia
movieId: ElN13  actor: Raymond Denny
movieId: ElN13  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: ElN14  actor: Lili Palmer
movieId: ElN14  actor: Sam Wanamaker
movieId: ElN14  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: ElN14  actor: Stella Adler
movieId: ElN14  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: ElN15  actor: Alan Ladd
movieId: ElN15  actor: Macdonald Carey
movieId: ElN15  actor: Betty Field
movieId: ElN15  actor: Barry Sullivan
movieId: ElN15  actor: Howard daSilva
movieId: ElN20  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: ElN20  actor: Jane Wyman
movieId: ElN20  actor: Bob Arthur
movieId: ElN20  actor: Ethel Barrymore
movieId: ElN20  actor: Natalie Wood
movieId: ElN20  actor: Cora Witherspoon
movieId: ElN20  actor: Regis Toomey
movieId: ElP30  actor: Gian Maria Volonte
movieId: ElP30  actor: Florinda Bolkan
movieId: ElS2  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: ElS2  actor: Lee Marvin
movieId: ElS2  actor: Nat King Cole
movieId: ElS2  actor: Michael Callan
movieId: ElS2  actor: none
movieId: ElS2  actor: Stubby Kaye
movieId: ElS4  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: ElS4  actor: Judith Anderson
movieId: ElS4  actor: Jean Gascon
movieId: ElS4  actor: Manu Tupou
movieId: ElS4  actor: Corinna Tsopei
movieId: ElS4  actor: Dub Taylor
movieId: ElS10  actor: James Brolin
movieId: ElS10  actor: Kathleen Lloyd
movieId: ElS10  actor: John Marley
movieId: ELu19  actor: Ricardo Cortez
movieId: ELu19  actor: Gail Patrick
movieId: ELu19  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: ELu19  actor: Tom Brfown
movieId: ELu19  actor: Louis Calhern
movieId: ELu20  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: ELu20  actor: Rose Stradner
movieId: ELu20  actor: James Stewart
movieId: ELu20  actor: Lionel Stander
movieId: ELu20  actor: Douglas Scott
movieId: ELu20  actor: John Carradine
movieId: ELu20  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: ELu20  actor: Edward Brophy
movieId: ELu20  actor: Louise Beavers
movieId: ELu20  actor: Grant Mitchell
movieId: ELu30  actor: Thomas Mitchell
movieId: ELu30  actor: Edna Best
movieId: ELu30  actor: Freddie Bartholomew
movieId: ELu30  actor: Tim Holt
movieId: ELu30  actor: Terry Kilburn
movieId: ELu49  actor: John Payne
movieId: ELu49  actor: Arlene Dahl
movieId: ELu49  actor: Cedric Hardwicke
movieId: ELu49  actor: Francis L. Sullivan
movieId: ELu49  actor: Dennis Hoey
movieId: EMa1  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: EMa1  actor: Elaine May
movieId: EMa1  actor: Jack Weston
movieId: EMa1  actor: George Rose
movieId: EMa1  actor: William Redfield
movieId: EMa1  actor: James Coco
movieId: EMa15  actor: Charles Grodin
movieId: EMa15  actor: Cybill Shepherd
movieId: EMa15  actor: Eddie Albert
movieId: EMa15  actor: Jeannie Berlin
movieId: EMa15  actor: Audra Lindley
movieId: EMa15  actor: William Prince
movieId: EMa15  actor: Art Metrano
movieId: EMa25  actor: Warren Beatty
movieId: EMa25  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: EMa25  actor: Isabelle Adjani
movieId: EMa25  actor: Charles Grodin
movieId: EmC10  actor: Ethel Grey Terry
movieId: EmE10  actor: Emilio Estevez
movieId: EmE10  actor: Charlie Sheen
movieId: EmE10  actor: Leslie Hope
movieId: EmE10  actor: John Getz
movieId: EMF10  actor: Nicolas Cage
movieId: EMF10  actor: Samuel L. Jackson
movieId: EMF10  actor: Dabney Coleman
movieId: EMo5  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: EMo5  actor: Gerard Oury
movieId: EMo5  actor: s a
movieId: EMo5  actor: s a
movieId: EMo5  actor: s a
movieId: EMo17  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: EMo17  actor: Bernard Menez
movieId: EMo20  actor: Ugo Tognazzi
movieId: EMo20  actor: Michel Serrault
movieId: EMo20  actor: Michel Galabru
movieId: EMo20  actor: Claire Maurier
movieId: EMo20  actor: Remi Larent
movieId: EMo25  actor: Ugo Tognazzi
movieId: EMo25  actor: Michel Serrault
movieId: EMo25  actor: Marcel Bozuffi
movieId: EMo25  actor: Paola Borboni
movieId: EMo40  actor: Fabrici Luchini
movieId: EMr10  actor: Romy Schneider
movieId: EMr10  actor: s a
movieId: EMr10  actor: s a
movieId: EMr13  actor: Romy Schneider
movieId: EMr15  actor: Romy Schneider
movieId: EMr15  actor: s a
movieId: EMr15  actor: s a
movieId: EMu1  actor: Edie Murphy
movieId: EMu1  actor: Richard Pryor
movieId: EMu1  actor: Dominique Buyses
movieId: EMu1  actor: Red Foxx
movieId: EMu1  actor: Della Reese
movieId: EMu1  actor: Danny Aiello
movieId: EMu1  actor: Arsenio Hall
movieId: EMv10  actor: James Stewart
movieId: EMv10  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: EMv10  actor: Weldon Heyburn
movieId: EMv10  actor: Ted Healy
movieId: EMv10  actor: Mona Berrie
movieId: EMv10  actor: s a
movieId: EMv10  actor: s a
movieId: EMv10  actor: s a
movieId: EMH10  actor: Marion Davies
movieId: EMH10  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: EMH10  actor: Macklyn Arbuckle
movieId: EMH10  actor: Joseph Kilgour
movieId: EMH10  actor: George Nash
movieId: EMH10  actor: Tyrone Power~sr.
movieId: EMH10  actor: May Vokes
movieId: EMH10  actor: W.C. Fieds
movieId: EMH10  actor: Olin Howland
movieId: EMH10  actor: Princess DeBourbon
movieId: EMt10  actor: Randi Allen
movieId: EMt10  actor: Alan Scarfe
movieId: EMt10  actor: Beverly Murray
movieId: EOB1  actor: Jeffrey Hunter
movieId: EOB1  actor: David Janssen
movieId: EOB1  actor: Stella Stevens
movieId: EOB1  actor: Hugh Sanders
movieId: EP1  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: EP1  actor: Elsa Lanchester
movieId: EP1  actor: Robert Newton
movieId: EP1  actor: Tyrone Guthrie
movieId: EP1  actor: Dolly Mollinger
movieId: EP1  actor: Eliot Makeham
movieId: EPe10  actor: Michael York
movieId: EPe10  actor: Elke Sommers
movieId: EPe10  actor: Peter Carsten
movieId: EPe10  actor: Marius Goering
movieId: EPe10  actor: Anton Diffring
movieId: EPe10  actor: Andrew Keir
movieId: EPe10  actor: Rupert Davies
movieId: EPe10  actor: Alexandra Stwart
movieId: EPe10  actor: Ronald Adam
movieId: EPy10  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: EPy10  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: EPy10  actor: Zaker Makre
movieId: EPy10  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: ErD10  actor: Omar Sharif
movieId: ErD10  actor: Ryan ONeal
movieId: ErD10  actor: Anne Archer
movieId: ErD10  actor: Philip Stone
movieId: ErK10  actor: Chuck Norris
movieId: ErK10  actor: Karen Carlson
movieId: ErK10  actor: Lee VanCleef
movieId: ErK10  actor: Jack Carter
movieId: ErK20  actor: Oliver Gruner
movieId: ErK20  actor: Theresa Saldona
movieId: ErK20  actor: Frank Aragon
movieId: ErK20  actor: Terry Valentino
movieId: ErK20  actor: Peter Kwong
movieId: ErK20  actor: Mike Moraff
movieId: ErK20  actor: Daniel Villareal
movieId: ErK20  actor: Lupe Amador
movieId: ErK20  actor: Claudine x
movieId: ErK30  actor: Oliver Gruner
movieId: ErM1  actor: Floyd McClure
movieId: ErM1  actor: Carl Hackett
movieId: ErM1  actor: Florence Rasmussen
movieId: ErM1  actor: Albert Bitterling
movieId: ErM2  actor: Howard Pettis
movieId: ErM2  actor: Roscoe Collins
movieId: ErM2  actor: Henry Shipes
movieId: ErM3  actor: Randell Dale Adams
movieId: ErM3  actor: David Harris
movieId: ErM3  actor: Henry Wade
movieId: ErM3  actor: Douglas Mulder
movieId: ErM3  actor: Teresa Turko
movieId: ErM10  actor: Stephen Hawking
movieId: ErM20  actor: s a
movieId: ErM20  actor: George Medonca
movieId: ErM20  actor: s a
movieId: ErM20  actor: Rodney Brooks
movieId: ErM25  actor: Fred E. Leuchter~jr.
movieId: ErM25  actor: David Collins
movieId: ErM25  actor: Robert Faurisson
movieId: ErM25  actor: Robert Jan vanPelt
movieId: ERr20  actor: JeanLouis Trintigant
movieId: ERr20  actor: Francoise Fabian
movieId: ERr20  actor: MarieChristine Barault
movieId: ERr22  actor: JeanClaude Brialy
movieId: ERr22  actor: Beatrice Romand
movieId: ERr22  actor: s a
movieId: ERr30  actor: Edith Clever
movieId: ERr30  actor: Bruno Ganz
movieId: ERr30  actor: Edda Seippel
movieId: ERr33  actor: Marc Eyraud
movieId: ERr33  actor: Marie Christine
movieId: ERr33  actor: Alain Cuny
movieId: ERr37  actor: Beatrice Ronand
movieId: ERr37  actor: Andre Dussolier
movieId: ERr37  actor: Feodor Atkins
movieId: ERr37  actor: Arielle Dombasle
movieId: ERr45  actor: Marie Riviere
movieId: ERr47  actor: Jo\"elle Miquel
movieId: ERr47  actor: Jessica Forde
movieId: ERr50  actor: s a
movieId: ERr50  actor: s a
movieId: ERr50  actor: s a
movieId: ERr52  actor: Charlotte V\'ery
movieId: ERr52  actor: Herv\'e Furic
movieId: ERr52  actor: Michel Voletti
movieId: ERr52  actor: Fr\'ed\'eric VanDenDriesche
movieId: ERr55  actor: Clara Bellar
movieId: ERr55  actor: Aurore Rauscher
movieId: ERr55  actor: Michael Kraft
movieId: ERr55  actor: Veronika Johansson
movieId: ERr55  actor: Benedicte Loyen
movieId: ERz6  actor: Kai Taschner
movieId: ERz6  actor: Anette J\"unger
movieId: ERz10  actor: Marita Breuer
movieId: ERz10  actor: Michael Lesch
movieId: ERz10  actor: Dieter Schaal
movieId: ERz10  actor: Karin Kienzler
movieId: ERz10  actor: Eva Maria Bayerswalter
movieId: ERz10  actor: R\"udiger Weigang
movieId: ERz10  actor: Karin Rasenach
movieId: ESc10  actor: Eric Schaeffer
movieId: ESc10  actor: Sarah Jessica Parker
movieId: ESc10  actor: Elle Macpherson
movieId: ESc10  actor: Ben Stiller
movieId: ESl10  actor: Joseph Schildkraut
movieId: ESl30  actor: Frank Morgan
movieId: ESl30  actor: Binnie Barnes
movieId: ESl30  actor: Lois Wilson
movieId: ESl30  actor: Louise Latimer
movieId: ESl30  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: ESl30  actor: Robert Taylor
movieId: ESP9  actor: Thomas White
movieId: ESP11  actor: Arthur White
movieId: ESP11  actor: Vivian Vaughn
movieId: ESP12  actor: Marie Murray
movieId: ESP12  actor: Broncho Billy Andersom
movieId: ESP12  actor: George Barnes
movieId: ESP12  actor: Frank Hanaway
movieId: ESP15  actor: James ONeill
movieId: ESP16  actor: James K. Hackett
movieId: ESP17  actor: Lily Langtry
movieId: ESP18  actor: Minnie Madern Fiske
movieId: ESP24  actor: Mary Pickford
movieId: ESP30  actor: John Barrymore
movieId: ESP31  actor: Mary Pickford
movieId: ESP32  actor: Mary Pickford
movieId: ESP33  actor: Mary Pickford
movieId: ESP40  actor: Mary Pickford
movieId: ESP40  actor: W.R. Walter
movieId: ESP40  actor: Olive Fuller Golden
movieId: ESP40  actor: Harold Lockwood
movieId: EtC20  actor: s a
movieId: EtC20  actor: s a
movieId: EtC20  actor: s a
movieId: EtC20  actor: s a
movieId: EtC25  actor: Tsilla Chelton
movieId: EtC25  actor: Catherine Jacob
movieId: ETG3  actor: Georges Colin
movieId: ETG10  actor: David Farrar
movieId: ETG10  actor: Noelle Adams
movieId: ETG10  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: ETG10  actor: Gillian Hills
movieId: ETG10  actor: Adam Faith
movieId: ETG10  actor: Oliver Reed
movieId: ETG12  actor: Donald Wolfit
movieId: ETG12  actor: Mel Ferrer
movieId: ETG12  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: ETG12  actor: Dany Carrell
movieId: ETG12  actor: Donald Pleasance
movieId: ETi10  actor: Alan Arkin
movieId: ETi10  actor: Mariette Hartley
movieId: Eti20  actor: Judith Light
movieId: Eti20  actor: Johnny Golocki
movieId: Eti20  actor: s a
movieId: Eti20  actor: s a
movieId: Eti20  actor: s a
movieId: Eti20  actor: s a
movieId: Eti20  actor: s a
movieId: Eti20  actor: Grace Zabrieskie
movieId: EtS4  actor: Vittorio Gassman
movieId: EtS4  actor: Nino Manfredi
movieId: EtS4  actor: Stefano Satta Flores
movieId: EtS5  actor: Sophia Loren
movieId: EtS5  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: EtS7  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: EtS7  actor: JeanLouis Barrault
movieId: EtS7  actor: Hanna Schygulla
movieId: EtS7  actor: Jean-Claude Brialy
movieId: EtS7  actor: JeanLouis Trintigant
movieId: EtS7  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: EtS10  actor: s a
movieId: EtS10  actor: Vittoria Gassman
movieId: EtS10  actor: Fanny Ardent
movieId: EtS10  actor: Stefania Sandrelli
movieId: EuF1  actor: Warner Oland
movieId: EuF10  actor: Warner Oland
movieId: EuF30  actor: Warner Oland
movieId: EuF40  actor: Warner Oland
movieId: EuF50  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: EuF50  actor: Sen Yung
movieId: EuF50  actor: s a
movieId: EuF50  actor: s a
movieId: EuF50  actor: s a
movieId: EuF50  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: EuF51  actor: Lloyd Nolan
movieId: EuF51  actor: Marjorie Weaver
movieId: EuF51  actor: Joan Valerie
movieId: EuF51  actor: Donald McBride
movieId: EuF51  actor: Queenie Vassar
movieId: EuF51  actor: Walter Abel
movieId: EuF51  actor: Charles Coleman
movieId: EuF51  actor: Clarence Kolb
movieId: EuF51  actor: George Meeker
movieId: EuF53  actor: Lloyd Nolan
movieId: EuF55  actor: Lloyd Nolan
movieId: EuF57  actor: Lloyd Nolan
movieId: EuF59  actor: Lloyd Nolan
movieId: EuL10  actor: Lee vanCleef
movieId: EuL10  actor: Paul Christian
movieId: EuL10  actor: Paula Raymond
movieId: EuL10  actor: Cecil Kellaway
movieId: EuL10  actor: Kenneth Toby
movieId: EuL10  actor: King Donovan
movieId: EuL20  actor: Gene Evans
movieId: EuL20  actor: Andre Morell
movieId: EuL20  actor: Leigh Madison
movieId: EuL20  actor: Jack MacGowran
movieId: EuL30  actor: Bill Travers
movieId: EuL30  actor: William Sylvester
movieId: EuM10  actor: Anne Francis
movieId: EuM10  actor: Chuck Connors
movieId: EuM10  actor: Telly Savalas
movieId: EuM10  actor: Clint Walker
movieId: EvS1  actor: Erich vonStroheim
movieId: EvS3  actor: Erich vonStroheim
movieId: EvS3  actor: Mae Busch
movieId: EvS5  actor: Gibson Gowland
movieId: EvS5  actor: Zasu Pitts
movieId: EvS5  actor: Jean Hersholt
movieId: EvS5  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: EvS5  actor: Chester Conklin
movieId: EvS5  actor: Dale Fuller
movieId: EvS6  actor: Mae Murray
movieId: EvS6  actor: John Gilbert
movieId: EvS6  actor: Roy dArcy
movieId: EvS6  actor: Tully Marshall
movieId: EvS6  actor: Edward Conelly
movieId: EvS7  actor: Erich vonStroheim
movieId: EvS7  actor: Fay Wray
movieId: EvS7  actor: Zasu Pitts
movieId: EvS7  actor: Matthew Betz
movieId: EvS7  actor: Maude George
movieId: EvS7  actor: Cesare Gravina
movieId: EvS7  actor: George Fawcett
movieId: EwD10  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: EwD10  actor: Sharon Stone
movieId: EwD10  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: EwD10  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: EwD10  actor: Jennnifer Lopez
movieId: EwD10  actor: Anne Bancroft
movieId: EwD10  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: EwD10  actor: Dan Ackroyd
movieId: EwD10  actor: Christopher Walken
movieId: EwD10  actor: s a
movieId: EwD10  actor: s a
movieId: EWi10  actor: Fabio Frascaro
movieId: EWi10  actor: Cosimo Cinieri
movieId: EWi10  actor: Chiaa Torelli
movieId: EWi10  actor: Anna Dinitri
movieId: EWi10  actor: Ines d'Anbrosio
movieId: EWi10  actor: Paolo Massafra
movieId: EWS4  actor: Richard Lynch
movieId: EWS4  actor: Jason Miller
movieId: EWS4  actor: E.G. Marshall
movieId: EWS4  actor: Jessica Walter
movieId: EWS10  actor: Scott Valentine
movieId: EWS10  actor: Eve Gordon
movieId: EWS10  actor: Kevin Conroy
movieId: EWS10  actor: s a
movieId: EZo10  actor: Elodie Bouchez
movieId: EZo10  actor: Natasha Regnier
movieId: EZo10  actor: Patrick Mercado
movieId: EZo10  actor: Jo Fredo
movieId: EZo10  actor: Gregoire Colin
movieId: EZw1  actor: Matthew Broderick
movieId: EZw1  actor: Denzel Washington
movieId: EZw1  actor: Morgan Freeman
movieId: EZw1  actor: Andre Braugher
movieId: EZw1  actor: Jihmi Kennedy
movieId: EZw1  actor: Cary Elwes
movieId: EZw4  actor: Christine Lahti
movieId: EZw4  actor: Meg Tilly
movieId: EZw4  actor: Lenny vonDohlen
movieId: EZw4  actor: James Gammon
movieId: EZw5  actor: Brad Pitt
movieId: EZw5  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: EZw5  actor: Aidan Quinn
movieId: EZw5  actor: Henry Thomas
movieId: EZw5  actor: Julia Ormond
movieId: EZw6  actor: Rob Lowes
movieId: EZw6  actor: Demi Moore
movieId: EZw6  actor: James Belushi
movieId: EZw6  actor: Elizabeth Perkins
movieId: EZw7  actor: Denzel Washington
movieId: EZw7  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: EZw7  actor: Lou Diamond Phillips
movieId: EZw7  actor: Seth Gilliam
movieId: EZw7  actor: Michael Moriarty
movieId: EZw7  actor: Matt Damon
movieId: EZw7  actor: Bronson Pinchot
movieId: EZw7  actor: Scott Glenn
movieId: EZw7  actor: Regina Taylor
movieId: Ezw9  actor: Denzel Washington
movieId: Ezw9  actor: Bruce Willis
movieId: Ezw9  actor: Annette Benning
movieId: FAl10  actor: Tom Keene
movieId: FAl10  actor: Rochelle Hudson
movieId: FAl10  actor: Marie Wells
movieId: FAl10  actor: Julian Riviero
movieId: FAl10  actor: Ernie Adams
movieId: FAl10  actor: Hank Bell
movieId: FAm10  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: FAm10  actor: Carol Kane
movieId: FAm10  actor: Kiefer Sutherland
movieId: FAm16  actor: Thora Birch
movieId: FAm16  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: FAm16  actor: Mimi Rogers
movieId: FAm16  actor: Chris MacDonald
movieId: FAm16  actor: Kevin Scannell
movieId: FAm16  actor: s a
movieId: FAs1  actor: Jeremy Fisher
movieId: FB13  actor: Janet Gaynor
movieId: FB13  actor: Charles Farell
movieId: FB13  actor: Gladys Brockwell
movieId: FB13  actor: David Butler
movieId: FB15  actor: Charles Farrell
movieId: FB15  actor: Nenry Armetta
movieId: FB15  actor: Guido Trento
movieId: FB21  actor: Janet Gaynor
movieId: FB21  actor: Charles Farrell
movieId: FB27  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: FB27  actor: Helen Hayes
movieId: FB27  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: FB27  actor: Mary Philips
movieId: FB27  actor: Jack LaRue
movieId: FB27  actor: Blanche Frederici
movieId: FB27  actor: Henry Armetta
movieId: FB29  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: FB29  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: FB29  actor: Glenda Farrell
movieId: FB29  actor: Walter Connolly
movieId: FB29  actor: Arthur Hohl
movieId: FB29  actor: Marjorie Rambeau
movieId: FB29  actor: Dickie Moore
movieId: FB39  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: FB39  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: FB39  actor: John Halliday
movieId: FB39  actor: Ernest Cossart
movieId: FB39  actor: Alan Mowbray
movieId: FB40  actor: Dick Powell
movieId: FB40  actor: Marion Davies
movieId: FB40  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: FB40  actor: Charlie Ruggles
movieId: FB40  actor: Edward Everett Horton
movieId: FB40  actor: Arthur Treacher
movieId: FB40  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: FB42  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: FB42  actor: Luise Rainer
movieId: FB42  actor: Charley Grapewin
movieId: FB42  actor: Janet Beecher
movieId: FB42  actor: George Murphy
movieId: FB42  actor: Karin Booth
movieId: FB42  actor: William Demarest
movieId: FB42  actor: Eddie Quinlan
movieId: FB43  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: FB43  actor: Spencer tracy
movieId: FB43  actor: s a
movieId: FB45  actor: Margaret Sullavan
movieId: FB45  actor: Robert Taylor
movieId: FB45  actor: Robert Young
movieId: FB45  actor: Franchot Tone
movieId: FB45  actor: Guy Kibbee
movieId: FB45  actor: Lionel Atwill
movieId: FB45  actor: Henry Hull
movieId: FB45  actor: Charley Grapwin
movieId: FB51  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: FB51  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: FB51  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: FB51  actor: Paul Lukas
movieId: FB51  actor: Ian Hunter
movieId: FB51  actor: Albert Dekker
movieId: FB51  actor: J.Edward Bromberg
movieId: FB51  actor: Eduardo Cianelli
movieId: FB51  actor: Victor Varconi
movieId: FB51  actor: John Arledge
movieId: FB52  actor: Margaret Sullavan
movieId: FB52  actor: Robert Young
movieId: FB52  actor: James Stewart
movieId: FB52  actor: Frank Morgan
movieId: FB52  actor: Robert Stack
movieId: FB52  actor: Bonita Granville
movieId: FB52  actor: Irene Rich
movieId: FB52  actor: Maria Ouspenskaya
movieId: FbM10  actor: Elenora Duse
movieId: FbM10  actor: Febo Mari
movieId: FBr50  actor: Tristram Coffin
movieId: FBr50  actor: Mae Clark
movieId: FBr50  actor: s a
movieId: FBr50  actor: s a
movieId: FBr60  actor: Judd Holgren
movieId: FBr60  actor: Leonard Nimoy
movieId: FBr60  actor: Aline Towne
movieId: FBr60  actor: s a
movieId: FC1  actor: Harry Langdon
movieId: FC3  actor: Harry Langdon
movieId: FC3  actor: Alma Bennet
movieId: FC3  actor: Frankie Darro
movieId: FC10  actor: Lina Basquette
movieId: FC10  actor: Jean Hersholt
movieId: FC10  actor: Ricardo Cortez
movieId: FC15  actor: Joe Cook
movieId: FC17  actor: Barbara Stanwyk
movieId: FC17  actor: Sam Hardy
movieId: FC17  actor: David Manners
movieId: FC17  actor: Beryl Mercer
movieId: FC17  actor: Russell Hopton
movieId: FC21  actor: Robert Williams
movieId: FC21  actor: Jean Harlow
movieId: FC21  actor: Claude Allester
movieId: FC21  actor: Halliwell Hobbes
movieId: FC21  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: FC21  actor: Louise Clossr Hale
movieId: FC21  actor: Reginald Owen
movieId: FC21  actor: Walter Catlett
movieId: FC22  actor: Walter Huston
movieId: FC22  actor: Pat OBrien
movieId: FC22  actor: Constance Cummings
movieId: FC22  actor: Kay Johnson
movieId: FC22  actor: Gavin Gordon
movieId: FC22  actor: Berton Churchill
movieId: FC23  actor: Barabara Stanwyk
movieId: FC23  actor: Nils Asther
movieId: FC23  actor: Gavin Gordon
movieId: FC23  actor: Walter Connolly
movieId: FC23  actor: Toshia Mori
movieId: FC23  actor: Richard Loo
movieId: FC23  actor: Lucien Littlefield
movieId: FC24  actor: May Robson
movieId: FC24  actor: Warren William
movieId: FC24  actor: Guy Kibbee
movieId: FC24  actor: Glenda Farrell
movieId: FC24  actor: Ned Sparks
movieId: FC24  actor: Jean Parker
movieId: FC24  actor: Nat Pendleton
movieId: FC24  actor: Walter Connolly
movieId: FC25  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: FC25  actor: Claudette Colbert
movieId: FC25  actor: Walter Connolly
movieId: FC25  actor: Roscoe Karns
movieId: FC25  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: FC25  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: FC25  actor: Jameson Thomas
movieId: FC25  actor: Arthur Hoyt
movieId: FC26  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: FC26  actor: Jean Arthur
movieId: FC26  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: FC26  actor: Jean Arthur
movieId: FC26  actor: George Bancroft
movieId: FC26  actor: Lionel Stander
movieId: FC26  actor: Douglass Dumbrille
movieId: FC26  actor: Ruth Donnelly
movieId: FC26  actor: Emma Dunn
movieId: FC26  actor: H.B. Warner
movieId: FC26  actor: Raymond Walburn
movieId: FC26  actor: Warren Hymer
movieId: FC26  actor: Walter Catlett
movieId: FC26  actor: Mayo Methot
movieId: FC26  actor: Margaret McWade
movieId: FC26  actor: Margaret Setton
movieId: FC26  actor: Jameson Thomas
movieId: FC27  actor: Ronald Colman
movieId: FC27  actor: H.B. Warner
movieId: FC27  actor: Sam Jaffe
movieId: FC27  actor: Thomas Mitchell
movieId: FC27  actor: Edward Everett Horton
movieId: FC27  actor: Jane Wyatt
movieId: FC27  actor: Isabel Jewel
movieId: FC27  actor: John Howard
movieId: FC27  actor: Margo
movieId: FC28  actor: Jean Arthur
movieId: FC28  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: FC28  actor: James Stewart
movieId: FC28  actor: Edward Arnold
movieId: FC28  actor: Mischa Auer
movieId: FC28  actor: Ann Miller
movieId: FC28  actor: Spring Byington
movieId: FC29  actor: James Stewart
movieId: FC29  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: FC29  actor: Jean Arthur
movieId: FC29  actor: Thomas Mitchell
movieId: FC29  actor: Edward Arnold
movieId: FC29  actor: Guy Kibbee
movieId: FC29  actor: Eugene Pallette
movieId: FC29  actor: Beulah Bondi
movieId: FC29  actor: Harry Carey
movieId: FC29  actor: H.B. Warner
movieId: FC29  actor: Astrid Allwyn
movieId: FC29  actor: Ruth Donelly
movieId: FC29  actor: Charles Lane
movieId: FC29  actor: Porter Hall
movieId: FC30  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: FC30  actor: Barbara Stanwyck
movieId: FC30  actor: Walter Brennan
movieId: FC34  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: FC34  actor: Jean Adair
movieId: FC34  actor: Josephine Hull
movieId: FC34  actor: Raymond Massey
movieId: FC34  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: FC34  actor: Jack Carson
movieId: FC34  actor: Priscilla Lane
movieId: FC34  actor: John Alexander
movieId: FC34  actor: James Gleason
movieId: FC34  actor: Edward Everettt Horton
movieId: FC34  actor: Grant Mitchell
movieId: FC34  actor: Vaughan Glaser
movieId: FC34  actor: Gary Owen
movieId: FC34  actor: Edward McNamara
movieId: FC34  actor: John Ridgely
movieId: FC34  actor: Chester Clute
movieId: FC34  actor: Charles Lane
movieId: FC34  actor: Edward McWade
movieId: FC35  actor: James Stewart
movieId: FC35  actor: Henry Travers
movieId: FC35  actor: Donna Reed
movieId: FC35  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: FC35  actor: Thomas Mitchell
movieId: FC35  actor: Beulah Bondi
movieId: FC35  actor: Frank Faylen
movieId: FC35  actor: Gloria Grahame
movieId: FC35  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: FC35  actor: H.B. Warner
movieId: FC35  actor: Frank Albertson
movieId: FC35  actor: Samuel S. Hinds
movieId: FC35  actor: Mary Treen
movieId: FC35  actor: Ellen Corby
movieId: FC35  actor: Jimmy Hawkins
movieId: FC35  actor: Carolyn Rhimes
movieId: FC35  actor: Alfalfa Switzer
movieId: FC36  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: FC36  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: FC36  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: FC36  actor: Van Johnson
movieId: FC36  actor: Angela Lansbury
movieId: FC36  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: FC36  actor: Howard Smith
movieId: FC36  actor: Raymond Walburn
movieId: FC36  actor: Charles Dingle
movieId: FC38  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: FC38  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: FC38  actor: Eleanor Parker
movieId: FC38  actor: Eddie Hodges
movieId: FC38  actor: Carolyn Jones
movieId: FC38  actor: Thelma Ritter
movieId: FC38  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: FC38  actor: Joi Lansing
movieId: FC40  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: FcA10  actor: Francisco Aliwas
movieId: FcA10  actor: s a
movieId: FcA10  actor: s a
movieId: FcA10  actor: s a
movieId: FCk1  actor: John Williams
movieId: FCk1  actor: Alan Napier
movieId: FCk1  actor: Amanda Blake
movieId: FCk1  actor: Bill Slack
movieId: FCk1  actor: Rudy Robles
movieId: FCk1  actor: Philip Coolidge
movieId: FCk1  actor: Jerry Paris
movieId: FCk1  actor: Ruta Lee
movieId: FCk2  actor: John Williams
movieId: FCk2  actor: Patricia Collinge
movieId: FCk2  actor: Evelyn Varden
movieId: FCk2  actor: Ralph Peters
movieId: FCo10  actor: TinTan
movieId: FCo20  actor: Gabriel Garcia Marquez
movieId: FCr10  actor: Adam Sadler
movieId: FCr10  actor: Drew Barrymore
movieId: FCr10  actor: Billy Idol
movieId: FCr11  actor: Adam Sandler
movieId: FCr11  actor: Kathy Bates
movieId: FCr11  actor: Fairuza Balk
movieId: FCr11  actor: Jerry Reed
movieId: FCr11  actor: Henry Winkler
movieId: FDa10  actor: Tim Robbins..
movieId: FDa10  actor: Morgan Freeman
movieId: FDa10  actor: Bob Gunton
movieId: FDa10  actor: Clancy Brow
movieId: FDa10  actor: James Whitmore
movieId: FDa15  actor: Michael Clarke Duncan
movieId: FDa15  actor: Tom Hanks
movieId: FDa15  actor: s a
movieId: FDa15  actor: s a
movieId: FDa15  actor: s a
movieId: FDa15  actor: Doug Hutchinson
movieId: FDa17  actor: Jim Carrey
movieId: FDa17  actor: Martin Landau
movieId: FDa17  actor: Laurie Holden
movieId: FDa17  actor: James Whitmore
movieId: FDa17  actor: sa
movieId: FDa17  actor: sa
movieId: FDa17  actor: sa
movieId: FDa17  actor: sa
movieId: FDa17  actor: sa
movieId: FDa17  actor: sa
movieId: FdC14  actor: Ronald Reagan
movieId: FdC14  actor: Diana Lynn
movieId: FdC14  actor: Walter Slezak
movieId: FdC14  actor: Ed Gargan
movieId: FdC16  actor: Rhonda Fleming
movieId: FdC16  actor: Mark Stevens
movieId: FdC16  actor: Nancy Guild
movieId: FdC16  actor: Charles Drake
movieId: FdC16  actor: Tom dAndrea
movieId: FdC16  actor: Minor Watson
movieId: FdC16  actor: Steve Geray
movieId: FdC23  actor: Elvis Presley
movieId: FdC23  actor: Donna Douglas
movieId: FdC23  actor: Anthony Eisley
movieId: FdC23  actor: Harry Morgan
movieId: FdC23  actor: Nancy Kovak
movieId: FDF10  actor: Sharon Stone
movieId: FDF10  actor: Steve Railsback
movieId: FDF10  actor: Steve Railsback
movieId: FDF10  actor: Vicki Frederick
movieId: FDF10  actor: Ronny Cox
movieId: FDF10  actor: Michelle Phillips
movieId: FDG10  actor: Wayne Rogers
movieId: FDG10  actor: Gayle Hunnicutt
movieId: FDG10  actor: Jean Lenoir
movieId: FDL10  actor: Henry Silva
movieId: FDL10  actor: Mario Adorf
movieId: FDL10  actor: Woody Strode
movieId: FDL10  actor: Adolfo Celi
movieId: FDL15  actor: James Mason
movieId: FDL20  actor: Jack Palance
movieId: FDL20  actor: Al Cliver
movieId: FDL20  actor: Edmund Purdom
movieId: FDL20  actor: Harry Baer
movieId: FDL20  actor: Gisela Hahn
movieId: Fdu10  actor: Brian White
movieId: Fdu10  actor: Celine Dion
movieId: FeF12  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: FeF12  actor: Fred Kohler
movieId: FeF12  actor: Peggy Shannon
movieId: FeF12  actor: Lois Wilson
movieId: FeF12  actor: Samuel Hinds
movieId: FeF12  actor: Edward VanSloan
movieId: FeF12  actor: Matt Moore
movieId: FeF28  actor: Joan Davis
movieId: FeF28  actor: Jack Haley
movieId: FeF28  actor: Philip Terry
movieId: FeF28  actor: Martha Holliday
movieId: FeF28  actor: Ethel Smith
movieId: FeF28  actor: Margaret Hamilton
movieId: FeF28  actor: Glenn Tryon
movieId: FeF28  actor: Jane Greer
movieId: FeF28  actor: Fritz Feld
movieId: FeF28  actor: Rufe Davis
movieId: FeF28  actor: Dixie Dunbar
movieId: FeF28  actor: Audrey Young
movieId: FeF28  actor: Beverly Wills
movieId: FeF28  actor: Rose Murphy
movieId: FeF28  actor: Gene Krupa
movieId: FeF80  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: FeF80  actor: Patrice Wymore
movieId: FeF80  actor: Eve Miller
movieId: FeF85  actor: Lew Ayres
movieId: FeF85  actor: Nancy Davis
movieId: FeF85  actor: Gene Evans
movieId: FF1  actor: Giulietta Masina
movieId: FF1  actor: Peppino deFilippo
movieId: FF1  actor: Carla delPoggio
movieId: FF1  actor: Folco Lulli
movieId: FF1  actor: John Kitzmiller
movieId: FF2  actor: Brunella Bovo
movieId: FF2  actor: Leopoldo Trieste
movieId: FF2  actor: Guilietta Masina
movieId: FF2  actor: Alberto Sordi
movieId: FF3  actor: Franco Interlenghi
movieId: FF3  actor: Franco Fabrizi
movieId: FF3  actor: Eleanora Ruffa
movieId: FF3  actor: Leopoldo Trieste
movieId: FF3  actor: Alberto Soldi
movieId: FF3  actor: Ricardo Fellini
movieId: FF4  actor: Guilietta Masina
movieId: FF4  actor: Richard Basehart
movieId: FF5  actor: Broderick Crawford
movieId: FF5  actor: Richard Basehart
movieId: FF5  actor: Guilietta Masina
movieId: FF5  actor: Franco Fabbrizi
movieId: FF6  actor: Guilietta Masina
movieId: FF6  actor: Amedeo Nazzari
movieId: FF6  actor: Francois Perier
movieId: FF7  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: FF7  actor: Anouk Aimee
movieId: FF7  actor: Anita Ekberg
movieId: FF7  actor: Nadia Gray
movieId: FF7  actor: Alain Cuny
movieId: FF7  actor: Walter Santesso
movieId: FF9  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: FF9  actor: Claudia Cardinale
movieId: FF9  actor: Anouk Aimee
movieId: FF9  actor: Sandra Milo
movieId: FF9  actor: Barbara Steele
movieId: FF9  actor: Rossella Falk
movieId: FF9  actor: Madelaine Lebeau
movieId: FF9  actor: Guido Alberti
movieId: FF9  actor: Jean Rogeul
movieId: FF9  actor: Annibale Ninchi
movieId: FF9  actor: Edra Gale
movieId: FF10  actor: Guilietta Masina
movieId: FF10  actor: Sandra Milo
movieId: FF10  actor: Valentina Cortese
movieId: FF12  actor: Martin Potter
movieId: FF12  actor: Hiram Keller
movieId: FF12  actor: Salvo Randone
movieId: FF12  actor: Max Born
movieId: FF12  actor: Capucine
movieId: FF13  actor: Federico Fellini
movieId: FF14  actor: Peter Gonzales
movieId: FF14  actor: Gore Vidal
movieId: FF14  actor: Federico Fellini
movieId: FF14  actor: Britta Barnes
movieId: FF14  actor: Fiona Florence
movieId: FF14  actor: Anna Magnani
movieId: FF15  actor: Puppela Maggio
movieId: FF15  actor: Magasli Noel
movieId: FF15  actor: Armando Brancia
movieId: FF15  actor: Ciccio Ingrassia
movieId: FF18  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: FF18  actor: Tina Aumont
movieId: FF18  actor: Carmen Scarpitta
movieId: FF18  actor: Cicely Browne
movieId: FF23  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: FF23  actor: Anna Prucnal
movieId: FF23  actor: Bernice Stegers
movieId: FF30  actor: Frddie Jones
movieId: FF30  actor: Barbara Jefford
movieId: FF30  actor: Victor Poletti
movieId: FF40  actor: Giulietta Massini
movieId: FF40  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: FF40  actor: Franco Fabrizi
movieId: FF40  actor: Frederick Lebedur
movieId: FF50  actor: Frederico Fellini
movieId: FF50  actor: Anita Ekberg
movieId: FF50  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: FF50  actor: Sergio Rubino
movieId: FF50  actor: Antonella Ponziani
movieId: FF50  actor: Paola Liguri
movieId: FF50  actor: Maurizion Mein
movieId: FF50  actor: Lara Wendel
movieId: FF50  actor: s a
movieId: FF50  actor: s a
movieId: FFC1  actor: William Campbell
movieId: FFC1  actor: Luana Anders
movieId: FFC1  actor: Patrick Magee
movieId: FFC1  actor: s a
movieId: FFC2  actor: Elizabeth Hartman
movieId: FFC2  actor: Geraldine Page
movieId: FFC3  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: FFC3  actor: Petula Clark
movieId: FFC3  actor: Tommy Steele
movieId: FFC3  actor: Don Francks
movieId: FFC3  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: FFC3  actor: Ronald Colby
movieId: FFC4  actor: Shirley Knight
movieId: FFC4  actor: James Caan
movieId: FFC4  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: FFC5  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: FFC5  actor: Al Pacino
movieId: FFC5  actor: James Caan
movieId: FFC5  actor: Al Martino
movieId: FFC5  actor: John Cazale
movieId: FFC5  actor: Talia Shire
movieId: FFC5  actor: Gianni Russo
movieId: FFC5  actor: Richard Castellano
movieId: FFC5  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: FFC5  actor: Al Lettieri
movieId: FFC5  actor: Sterling Hayden
movieId: FFC5  actor: Simonetta Stefanelli
movieId: FFC5  actor: Richard Conte
movieId: FFC5  actor: Diane Keaton
movieId: FFC5  actor: Salvatore Corsitto
movieId: FFC5  actor: Lenny Montano
movieId: FFC6  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: FFC6  actor: John Cazale
movieId: FFC6  actor: Allen Garfield
movieId: FFC6  actor: Frederick Forrest
movieId: FFC6  actor: Cindy Williams
movieId: FFC6  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: FFC7  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: FFC7  actor: Al Pacino
movieId: FFC7  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: FFC7  actor: John Cazale
movieId: FFC7  actor: Lee Strasberg
movieId: FFC7  actor: Michael V. Gazzo
movieId: FFC7  actor: Talia Shire
movieId: FFC7  actor: Troy Donahue
movieId: FFC7  actor: Gianni Russo
movieId: FFC7  actor: Diane Keaton
movieId: FFC7  actor: James Caan
movieId: FFC7  actor: Phil Feldman
movieId: FFC7  actor: Roger Corman
movieId: FFC7  actor: William Bowers
movieId: FFC8  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: FFC8  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: FFC8  actor: Martin Sheen
movieId: FFC8  actor: Frederic Forrest
movieId: FFC8  actor: Albert Hall
movieId: FFC8  actor: Sam Bottoms
movieId: FFC8  actor: Larry Fishburne
movieId: FFC8  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: FFC8  actor: G.D. Spradlin
movieId: FFC8  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: FFC8  actor: Cyndi Wood
movieId: FFC8  actor: Colleen Camp
movieId: FFC8  actor: Linda Carpenter
movieId: FFC8  actor: Francis Ford Coppola
movieId: FFC9  actor: Teri Garr
movieId: FFC9  actor: Frederic Forrest
movieId: FFC9  actor: Raul Julia
movieId: FFC9  actor: Nastassia Kinski
movieId: FFC9  actor: Lainie Kazan
movieId: FFC9  actor: Harry Dean Stanton
movieId: FFC10  actor: Matt Dillon
movieId: FFC10  actor: Ralph Macchio
movieId: FFC10  actor: Patrick Swayze
movieId: FFC10  actor: Diane Lane
movieId: FFC10  actor: C.Thomas Howell
movieId: FFC10  actor: Rob Lowe
movieId: FFC12  actor: Richard Gere
movieId: FFC12  actor: Gregory Hines
movieId: FFC12  actor: Diane Lane
movieId: FFC12  actor: Bob Hoskins
movieId: FFC12  actor: Gwen Verdon
movieId: FFC15  actor: Kathleen Turner
movieId: FFC15  actor: Nicholas Cage
movieId: FFC15  actor: Barry Miller
movieId: FFC15  actor: Catherine Hicks
movieId: FFC15  actor: Maureen OSullivan
movieId: FFC15  actor: Leon Ames
movieId: FFC15  actor: Helen Hunt
movieId: FFC15  actor: Don Murray
movieId: FFC15  actor: Barbara Harris
movieId: FFC15  actor: Kevin J. OConnor
movieId: FFC20  actor: Jeff Bridges
movieId: FFC20  actor: Joan Allen
movieId: FFC20  actor: Martin Landau
movieId: FFC20  actor: Frederic Forrest
movieId: FFC20  actor: Mako
movieId: FFC20  actor: Lloyd Bridges
movieId: FFC20  actor: Elias Koteas
movieId: FFC20  actor: Dean Stockwell
movieId: FFC20  actor: Christian Slater
movieId: FFC20  actor: Nina Siemaszko
movieId: FFC20  actor: Anders Johnson
movieId: FFC20  actor: Corky Nemec
movieId: FFC24  actor: Al Pacino
movieId: FFC24  actor: Diane Keaton
movieId: FFC24  actor: Talia Shire
movieId: FFC24  actor: Franc dAmbrosio
movieId: FFC24  actor: Sofia Coppola
movieId: FFC24  actor: Andy Garcia
movieId: FFC24  actor: Eli Wallach
movieId: FFC24  actor: Joe Mantegna
movieId: FFC24  actor: Raf Vallone
movieId: FFC24  actor: Joe Montegna
movieId: FFC24  actor: Richard Bright
movieId: FFC24  actor: Donal Donelly
movieId: FFC24  actor: Bridget Fonda
movieId: FFC24  actor: George Hamilton
movieId: FFC24  actor: Willie Brown
movieId: FFC24  actor: Al Martino
movieId: FFC24  actor: Helmut Berger
movieId: FFC24  actor: Don Novello
movieId: FFC24  actor: Franco Citti
movieId: FFC24  actor: Vittorio Duse
movieId: FFC24  actor: Michel Russo
movieId: FFC26  actor: Gary Oldman
movieId: FFC26  actor: Winona Ryder
movieId: FFC26  actor: Winona Ryder
movieId: FFC26  actor: Keanu Reeves
movieId: FFC26  actor: Tom Waits
movieId: FFC26  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: FFC26  actor: Richard E. Grant
movieId: FFC26  actor: Cary Elwes
movieId: FFC26  actor: Bill Campbell
movieId: FFC26  actor: Sadie Frost
movieId: FFC26  actor: s a
movieId: FFC29  actor: Matt Damon
movieId: FFC29  actor: Danny deVito
movieId: FFC29  actor: Claire Danes
movieId: FFC29  actor: Jon Voight
movieId: FFC29  actor: Mary Kay Place
movieId: FFC29  actor: Terry Winston
movieId: FFC29  actor: Mickey Rourke
movieId: FFC29  actor: Channing Stockard
movieId: FFC29  actor: s a
movieId: FFe10  actor: Bris Karloff
movieId: FFe10  actor: Victor Jory
movieId: FFe10  actor: Reginald Denny
movieId: FFe10  actor: Lisa Howard
movieId: FFe10  actor: Nino Marcel
movieId: FFf10  actor: Jason Connery
movieId: FFf10  actor: Kirstin Scott Thomas
movieId: FFf10  actor: Joss Ackland
movieId: FFf10  actor: Patricia Hodge
movieId: FFf10  actor: David Warner
movieId: FFf10  actor: Colin Welland
movieId: FFf10  actor: Fiona Fullerton
movieId: FFf10  actor: Richard Johnson
movieId: FFo10  actor: Theu Boermans
movieId: FFo10  actor: Anneke Blok
movieId: FGd10  actor: Colm Feore
movieId: FGd10  actor: Glenn Gould
movieId: FGi10  actor: Claude Brasseur
movieId: FGi10  actor: Jaques Dutronc
movieId: FGi10  actor: Michel Piccoli
movieId: FGi10  actor: MarieChristine Barrault
movieId: FGi20  actor: Daniel Auteuil
movieId: FGi20  actor: Genevieve Casile
movieId: FGi20  actor: Jaques Duby
movieId: FGi20  actor: Leon Dary
movieId: FGi20  actor: Paul lePerson
movieId: FGi20  actor: Maiwenn leBesio
movieId: FGi20  actor: Jaques Sergs
movieId: FGi20  actor: Rufus
movieId: FGi20  actor: Gerard Desurthe
movieId: FHe10  actor: Kevin Vanhentenryk
movieId: FHe10  actor: none
movieId: FHe10  actor: Robert Vogel
movieId: FHe10  actor: Beverly Bonner
movieId: FHe10  actor: Terri Susan Smith
movieId: FiC1  actor: Van Heflin
movieId: FiC1  actor: Everett Sloane
movieId: FiC1  actor: Ed Begley
movieId: FiC1  actor: Beatrice Straight
movieId: FiC1  actor: Elizabeth Wilson
movieId: FiC20  actor: Blythe Danner
movieId: FiC20  actor: Edward Herrmann
movieId: FiC20  actor: Patricia Neal
movieId: FiC20  actor: Ramon Bieri
movieId: FiC20  actor: Lainie Kazan
movieId: FJS2  actor: Henry Fonds
movieId: FJS2  actor: Cliff Rbertson
movieId: FJS2  actor: Lee Tracy
movieId: FJS2  actor: Margaret Leighton
movieId: FJS2  actor: Edie Adams
movieId: FJS2  actor: Kevin McCarthy
movieId: FJS2  actor: Shelly Berman
movieId: FJS2  actor: Ann Sothern
movieId: FJS2  actor: Gene Raymond
movieId: FJS2  actor: Mahalia Jackson
movieId: FJS5  actor: Yul Brynner
movieId: FJS5  actor: Clive Revill
movieId: FJS5  actor: Anton Diffring
movieId: FJS5  actor: Britt Ekland
movieId: FJS5  actor: Moira Lister
movieId: FJS10  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: FJS10  actor: Kim Hunter
movieId: FJS10  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: FJS10  actor: Maurice Evans
movieId: FJS10  actor: James Whitmore
movieId: FJS10  actor: Linda Harrison
movieId: FJS10  actor: Jeff Burton
movieId: FJS10  actor: George Taylor
movieId: FJS10  actor: Robert Gunner
movieId: FJS13  actor: George C. Scott
movieId: FJS13  actor: Karl Malden
movieId: FJS13  actor: Michael Bates
movieId: FJS13  actor: Karl Michael Vogler
movieId: FJS13  actor: Richard Muench
movieId: FJS13  actor: Stephen Young
movieId: FJS13  actor: Frank Latimore
movieId: FJS13  actor: Michael Strong
movieId: FJS13  actor: Michael Bates
movieId: FJS13  actor: Tim Considine
movieId: FJS13  actor: Gerald Flood
movieId: FJS13  actor: Jach Gwillin
movieId: FJS13  actor: Lionel Murta
movieId: FJS14  actor: Michael Jayston
movieId: FJS14  actor: Janet Suzman
movieId: FJS14  actor: Harry Andrews
movieId: FJS14  actor: Tom Baker
movieId: FJS14  actor: Michael Bryant
movieId: FJS14  actor: Maurice Denham
movieId: FJS14  actor: Jack Hawkins
movieId: FJS14  actor: Ian Holm
movieId: FJS14  actor: Curt Jurgens
movieId: FJS14  actor: John McEnery
movieId: FJS14  actor: Eric Porter
movieId: FJS14  actor: Michael Redgrave
movieId: FJS14  actor: Alan Webb
movieId: FJS14  actor: Irene Worth
movieId: FJS14  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: FJS16  actor: Steve McQueen
movieId: FJS16  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: FJS16  actor: Don Gordon
movieId: FJS16  actor: Anthony Zerbe
movieId: FJS16  actor: George Couloris
movieId: FJS16  actor: Woodrow Parfrey
movieId: FJS18  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: FJS18  actor: James Mason
movieId: FJS18  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: FJS18  actor: Lilli Palmer
movieId: FJS18  actor: Uta Hagen
movieId: FJS18  actor: Steven Guttenberg
movieId: FJS18  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: FJS18  actor: Rosemary Harris
movieId: FJS18  actor: John Dehner
movieId: FJS18  actor: David Hurst
movieId: FJS18  actor: John Rubenstein
movieId: FJS18  actor: Anne Meara
movieId: FJS18  actor: Michael Gough
movieId: FJS18  actor: Prunella Scales
movieId: FJS18  actor: Bruno Ganz
movieId: FJS22  actor: George C. Scott
movieId: FJS22  actor: Claire Bloom
movieId: FJS22  actor: David Hemmings
movieId: FJS22  actor: Hart Bochner
movieId: FJS22  actor: MichaelJames Wixted
movieId: FJS22  actor: Brad Savage
movieId: FJS22  actor: Gilbert Roland
movieId: FJS22  actor: Julias Harris
movieId: FJS29  actor: Lesley-Anne Down
movieId: FJS29  actor: Frank Langella
movieId: FJS29  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: FJS29  actor: John Rhys-Davies
movieId: FJS35  actor: Luciano Pavarotti
movieId: FJS35  actor: Kathryn Harrold
movieId: FJS35  actor: William Albert
movieId: FJS35  actor: Paola Borboni
movieId: FKi10  actor: Peter Horton
movieId: FKi10  actor: Linda Hamilton
movieId: FKi10  actor: Rg Armstrng
movieId: FKi18  actor: Anthony Michael Hall
movieId: FKi18  actor: Michael Pare
movieId: FKi18  actor: Terry Kiser
movieId: FKi18  actor: Deborah Moore
movieId: FkP10  actor: Mary Pickford
movieId: FkP10  actor: Blanch Sweet
movieId: FkP10  actor: Mack Sennett
movieId: FkP10  actor: Kate Bruce
movieId: FkP10  actor: Flora Finch
movieId: FKr20  actor: Lee vanCleef
movieId: FKr20  actor: Reiner Schone
movieId: FKr20  actor: Giampiero Albertini
movieId: FKr20  actor: Annabella Incontrera
movieId: FKr20  actor: Gianni Rizzo
movieId: FkS10  actor: Buster Crabbe
movieId: FkS10  actor: Joen Rodgers
movieId: FkS10  actor: Frank Shannon
movieId: FkS10  actor: Charles Middleton
movieId: FkS10  actor: s a
movieId: FkS10  actor: Richard Alexander
movieId: FL8  actor: Lil Dagover
movieId: FL8  actor: Rudolph KleinRogge
movieId: FL8  actor: Bernard Goetzke
movieId: FL8  actor: Walter Janssen
movieId: FL11  actor: Paul Richter
movieId: FL11  actor: Marguerite Sch\"on
movieId: FL11  actor: Theodor Loos
movieId: FL11  actor: Hannah Ralph
movieId: FL11  actor: Rudolph KleinRogge
movieId: FL12  actor: Paul Richter
movieId: FL12  actor: Marguerite Sch\"on
movieId: FL12  actor: Theodor Loos
movieId: FL12  actor: Hannah Ralph
movieId: FL12  actor: Rudolph KleinRogge
movieId: FL13  actor: Alfred Abel
movieId: FL13  actor: Gustav Froehlich
movieId: FL13  actor: MarieBrigitte Helm
movieId: FL13  actor: MarieBrigitte Helm
movieId: FL13  actor: Rudolf KleinRogge
movieId: FL13  actor: Heinrich George
movieId: FL13  actor: Fritz Rapp
movieId: FL13  actor: Theodor Loos
movieId: FL14  actor: Rudolph KleinRogge
movieId: FL16  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: FL16  actor: Otto Wernicke
movieId: FL16  actor: Gustav Gr\"undgens
movieId: FL19  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: FL19  actor: Sylvia Sidney
movieId: FL19  actor: Bruce Cabot
movieId: FL19  actor: Walter Abel
movieId: FL19  actor: Edward Ellis
movieId: FL19  actor: Walter Brennan
movieId: FL19  actor: Frank Albertson
movieId: FL20  actor: Sylvia Sidney
movieId: FL20  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: FL20  actor: Jean Dixon
movieId: FL20  actor: Barton MacLane
movieId: FL20  actor: Margaret Hamilton
movieId: FL23  actor: Randolph Scott
movieId: FL23  actor: Robert Young
movieId: FL23  actor: Dean Jagger
movieId: FL23  actor: Virginia Gilmore
movieId: FL23  actor: Slim Summerville
movieId: FL23  actor: Chill Wills
movieId: FL23  actor: Barton MacLane
movieId: FL24  actor: Walter Pidgeon
movieId: FL24  actor: Joan Bennett
movieId: FL24  actor: George Sanders
movieId: FL24  actor: John Carradine
movieId: FL24  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: FL24  actor: Ludwig Stossel
movieId: FL27  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: FL27  actor: Joan Bennett
movieId: FL27  actor: Edmund Breon
movieId: FL27  actor: Dan Duryea
movieId: FL27  actor: Raymond Massey
movieId: FL27  actor: Dorothy Peterson
movieId: FL27  actor: Robert Blake
movieId: FL27  actor: Thomas Jackson
movieId: FL27  actor: Arthur Loft
movieId: FL28  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: FL28  actor: Marjorie Reynolds
movieId: FL28  actor: Dan Duryea
movieId: FL28  actor: Carl Esmond
movieId: FL28  actor: Hillary Brooke
movieId: FL28  actor: Alan Napier
movieId: FL29  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: FL29  actor: Joan Bennett
movieId: FL29  actor: Dan Duryea
movieId: FL29  actor: Jess barker
movieId: FL29  actor: Margaret Lindsay
movieId: FL29  actor: Rosalind Ivan
movieId: FL29  actor: Samuel S. Hinds
movieId: FL29  actor: Arthur Loft
movieId: FL30  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: FL30  actor: Lilli Palmer
movieId: FL30  actor: Robert Alda
movieId: FL30  actor: Vladimir Sokoloff
movieId: FL30  actor: J.Edward Bromberg
movieId: FL30  actor: Ludwig Stossel
movieId: FL35  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: FL35  actor: Barbara Stanwyck
movieId: FL35  actor: Robert Ryan
movieId: FL35  actor: Paul Douglas
movieId: FL35  actor: J.Carrol Naish
movieId: FL35  actor: Keith Andes
movieId: FL37  actor: Glenn Ford
movieId: FL37  actor: Alexander Scourby
movieId: FL37  actor: Jocelyn Brando
movieId: FL37  actor: Lee Marvin
movieId: FL37  actor: Gloria Grahame
movieId: FL37  actor: Carolyn Jones
movieId: FL37  actor: Jeanette Nolan
movieId: FL37  actor: Dan Seymor
movieId: FL40  actor: Glenn Ford
movieId: FL40  actor: Gloria Grahame
movieId: FLd10  actor: Deborah Kerr
movieId: FLd10  actor: Trevor Howard
movieId: FLd10  actor: Raymond Huntley
movieId: FLd10  actor: Norman Shelley
movieId: FLd10  actor: Michael Howard
movieId: FLd10  actor: Brenda Bruce
movieId: FLd10  actor: Liam Redmond
movieId: FLd10  actor: Brefni ORourke
movieId: FLd18  actor: Jean Simmons
movieId: FLd18  actor: Donald Huston
movieId: FLd18  actor: Noel Purcell
movieId: FLd18  actor: Cyril Cusack
movieId: FLd18  actor: James Hayter
movieId: FLd20  actor: Alastair Sim
movieId: FLd20  actor: Mrgaret Rutherford
movieId: FLd20  actor: Joyce Grenfell
movieId: FLd20  actor: Ricard Wattis
movieId: FLd20  actor: Edward Rigby
movieId: FLd20  actor: Guy Middleton
movieId: FLd20  actor: Muriel Aked
movieId: FLd20  actor: John Bentley
movieId: FLd20  actor: Bernadette OFarrell
movieId: FLe10  actor: Richard B. Shull
movieId: FLe10  actor: Dick ONeill
movieId: FLe10  actor: Dan Resin
movieId: FLe10  actor: Joseph Sirola
movieId: FLg10  actor: s a
movieId: FLg10  actor: Stefan Arngrim
movieId: FLg10  actor: s a
movieId: FLg10  actor: s a
movieId: FLg10  actor: s a
movieId: FLl4  actor: William Farnum
movieId: FLl4  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: FLl7  actor: William Farnum
movieId: FLl10  actor: Pauline Frederick
movieId: FLl30  actor: Corinne Griffith
movieId: FLl30  actor: Victor Varconi
movieId: FLl30  actor: H.B. Warner
movieId: FLl30  actor: Montagu Love
movieId: FLl30  actor: Marie Dressler
movieId: FLl40  actor: Ann Harding
movieId: FLl40  actor: Clive Brook
movieId: FLl40  actor: O.P. Heggie
movieId: FLl40  actor: Conrad Nagel
movieId: FLl40  actor: Cecilia Loftus
movieId: FLl40  actor: Beryl Mercer
movieId: FLl40  actor: Flora Sheffield
movieId: FLl59  actor: Clive Brook
movieId: FLl59  actor: Diana Wynyard
movieId: FLl59  actor: Frank Lawton
movieId: FLl59  actor: Herbert Mundin
movieId: FLl59  actor: Una OConnor
movieId: FLl59  actor: Ursula Jeans
movieId: FLl59  actor: Billy Bevan
movieId: FLl59  actor: Beryl Mercer
movieId: FLl59  actor: John Warburton
movieId: FLl59  actor: Margeret Lindsay
movieId: FLl62  actor: Leslie Howard
movieId: FLl62  actor: Heather Angel
movieId: FLl62  actor: Valerie Taylor
movieId: FLl62  actor: Irene Brown
movieId: FLl62  actor: Beryl Mercer
movieId: FLl62  actor: Colin KeithJohnson
movieId: FLl62  actor: Alan Mowbray
movieId: FLl70  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: FLl70  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: FLl70  actor: Franchot Tone
movieId: FLl70  actor: Movita Castenada
movieId: FLl70  actor: Dudley Digges
movieId: FLl70  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: FLl70  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: FLl70  actor: Eddie Quillan
movieId: FLl70  actor: Francis Lister
movieId: FLl70  actor: Spring Byington
movieId: FLl70  actor: Ian Wolfe
movieId: FLl75  actor: Ronald Coleman
movieId: FLl75  actor: Claudette Colbert
movieId: FLl75  actor: Rosalind Russell
movieId: FLl75  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: FLl80  actor: Joel McCrae
movieId: FLl80  actor: Bob Burns
movieId: FLl80  actor: Frances Dee
movieId: FLl80  actor: Lloyd Nolan
movieId: FLl80  actor: Henry ONeil
movieId: FLl80  actor: Mary Nash
movieId: FLl80  actor: Ralph Morgan
movieId: FLl80  actor: John Mack Brown
movieId: FLl80  actor: Porter Hall
movieId: FLl80  actor: Clarence Kolb
movieId: FLl80  actor: Rebecca Wassem
movieId: FLl80  actor: Frank McGlynn
movieId: FLl85  actor: Claudette Colbert
movieId: FLl85  actor: Fred McMurray
movieId: FLl85  actor: Harvey Stephens
movieId: FLl85  actor: Gale Sondergard
movieId: FLl85  actor: Louise Dresser
movieId: FLl85  actor: Bennie Bartlett
movieId: FLl85  actor: Edward Ellis
movieId: FLl85  actor: Beulah Bondi
movieId: FLl85  actor: Bonita Granville
movieId: FLl85  actor: Virginia Weidler
movieId: FLl85  actor: Donald meek
movieId: FLl85  actor: E.E. Clive
movieId: FLl85  actor: Halliwell Hobbes
movieId: FLl85  actor: Pedro deCordoba
movieId: FLl85  actor: Madame SulTeWan
movieId: FLl85  actor: Lucy Beaumont
movieId: FLl85  actor: Henry Kolker
movieId: FLl85  actor: William Farnum
movieId: FLl85  actor: Ira Singman
movieId: FLl85  actor: Sterling Holloway
movieId: FLl85  actor: J.Farrell MacDonald
movieId: FLl85  actor: Lionel Belmore
movieId: FLl85  actor: Agnes Ayres
movieId: FLl89  actor: Ronald Colman
movieId: FLl89  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: FLl89  actor: Frances Dee
movieId: FLl89  actor: Ellen Drew
movieId: FLl89  actor: C.V. France
movieId: FLl89  actor: Heather Thatcher
movieId: FLl89  actor: Henry Wilcoxon
movieId: FLl89  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: FLl89  actor: Bruce Lester
movieId: FLl89  actor: Alma Lloyd
movieId: FLl89  actor: Ralph Forbes
movieId: FLl89  actor: Montagu Love
movieId: FLl89  actor: William Farnum
movieId: FLl99  actor: Jimmy Cagney
movieId: FLl99  actor: Sylvia Sidney
movieId: FLl99  actor: Wallace Ford
movieId: FLl99  actor: Rosemary deCamp
movieId: FLl99  actor: Robert Armstrong
movieId: FLl99  actor: John Emery
movieId: FLl99  actor: Leonard Strong
movieId: FLl99  actor: Frank Puglia
movieId: FLl99  actor: Rhys Williams
movieId: FLl99  actor: Charles Ruggles
movieId: FLl99  actor: Frank Puglia
movieId: FLl99  actor: s a
movieId: FLl99  actor: s a
movieId: FLl99  actor: s a
movieId: FLl99  actor: s a
movieId: FLl99  actor: s a
movieId: FLl99  actor: s a
movieId: FLl99  actor: s a
movieId: FLl99  actor: s a
movieId: FLl99  actor: s a
movieId: FLl99  actor: s a
movieId: FLl99  actor: s a
movieId: FLl99  actor: s a
movieId: FlM1  actor: Franchot Tone
movieId: FlM1  actor: Jean Wallace
movieId: FlM1  actor: Myron McCormick
movieId: FlM1  actor: Mark Lawrence
movieId: FlM1  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: FlM1  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: FlM1  actor: John Garfield
movieId: FlM1  actor: Marsha Hunt
movieId: FlM1  actor: Leonard Lyons
movieId: FlM1  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: FlM3  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: FlM3  actor: Barbara Stanwyk
movieId: FlM3  actor: Leslie Caron
movieId: FlM3  actor: Louis Calhern
movieId: FlM3  actor: Joe deSantis
movieId: FlM3  actor: Jim Backus
movieId: FlM3  actor: Margaret Wycherly
movieId: FLr10  actor: Sylvia Kristel
movieId: FLr10  actor: Ann Belek
movieId: FLr10  actor: Cynthia vanDamme
movieId: FLr10  actor: Julie Jalaber
movieId: FLr10  actor: Roland Waden
movieId: FLr10  actor: s a
movieId: FLr10  actor: Robert Malone
movieId: FM3  actor: Max Schreck
movieId: FM3  actor: Gustav vonWangenheim
movieId: FM3  actor: Greta Schroeder
movieId: FM3  actor: Alexander Granach
movieId: FM3  actor: s a
movieId: FM3  actor: s a
movieId: FM3  actor: s a
movieId: FM3  actor: s a
movieId: FM3  actor: s a
movieId: FM4  actor: Emil Jannings
movieId: FM4  actor: Max Hiller
movieId: FM4  actor: Maly Delschaft
movieId: FM4  actor: Hans Unterkirchen
movieId: FM6  actor: Emil Jannings
movieId: FM6  actor: Gosta Eckman
movieId: FM6  actor: Camilla Horn
movieId: FM6  actor: Yvette Guilbert
movieId: FM6  actor: William Dieterle
movieId: FM6  actor: Gunther Fuetter
movieId: FM6  actor: Frida Richard
movieId: FM7  actor: Janet Gaynor
movieId: FM7  actor: George OBrien
movieId: FM7  actor: Margaret Livingston
movieId: FM9  actor: Charles Farrell
movieId: FM9  actor: Mary Duncan
movieId: FM9  actor: David Torrence
movieId: FM10  actor: Anne Chevalier
movieId: FM10  actor: Matahi
movieId: FMD3  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: FMD3  actor: Margaret Lindsay
movieId: FMD3  actor: Donald Woods
movieId: FMD3  actor: Paul Graetz
movieId: FMD3  actor: Gordon Hart
movieId: FMD3  actor: E.E. Clive
movieId: FMD3  actor: George Regas
movieId: FMD3  actor: Sidney Bracy
movieId: FMD3  actor: Tetsu Komai
movieId: FMD3  actor: Miki Morita
movieId: FMD3  actor: Housely Stevenson~sr.
movieId: FMD3  actor: Frank Lackeen
movieId: FMD10  actor: Jack Haley
movieId: FMD10  actor: Ann Savage
movieId: FMD10  actor: Barton MacLane
movieId: FMD20  actor: Roy Rogers
movieId: FMD20  actor: Trigger
movieId: FMD20  actor: Dale Evans
movieId: FMD20  actor: Gabby Hayes
movieId: FMD20  actor: Estelita Rodriguez
movieId: FMD20  actor: Douglas Fowley
movieId: FMD20  actor: Nestor Pavia
movieId: FMD20  actor: The Sons of the Pioneers
movieId: FMe10  actor: German Robles
movieId: FMe10  actor: Abel Salazar
movieId: FMe12  actor: German Robles
movieId: FMe12  actor: Abel Salazar
movieId: FMx10  actor: Tim McIntire
movieId: FMx10  actor: Fran Dreschler
movieId: FMx10  actor: Jay Leno
movieId: FMx10  actor: Laraine Newman
movieId: FMx10  actor: Chuck Berry
movieId: FMx10  actor: Jerry Lee Lewis
movieId: FMx10  actor: Mossie Drier
movieId: FNm5  actor: Harold Lloyd
movieId: FNm5  actor: Mildred Davis
movieId: FNm5  actor: Norah Young
movieId: FNm10  actor: Harold Lloyd
movieId: FNm10  actor: Mildred Davis
movieId: FNm14  actor: Harold Lloyd
movieId: FNm16  actor: Harold Lloyd
movieId: FNm18  actor: Harold Lloyd
movieId: FNm18  actor: Jobina Ralson
movieId: FNm20  actor: Harold Lloyd
movieId: FoB30  actor: Buster Crabbe
movieId: FoB30  actor: Joen Rodgers
movieId: FoB30  actor: Frank Shannon
movieId: FoB30  actor: Charles Middleton
movieId: FoB30  actor: s a
movieId: FoB30  actor: Richard Alexander
movieId: FoB30  actor: Donald Kerr
movieId: FoB30  actor: Mantague Shaw
movieId: FoB30  actor: Beatrice Roberts
movieId: FoB50  actor: Buster Crabbe
movieId: FoB50  actor: Carol Hughes
movieId: FoB50  actor: Frank Shannon
movieId: FoB50  actor: Charles Middleton
movieId: FoB50  actor: Anne Gwynne
movieId: FoB50  actor: Roland Drew
movieId: FoB50  actor: Donald Kerr
movieId: FoB50  actor: Mantague Shaw
movieId: FoB50  actor: Beatrice Roberts
movieId: FoB70  actor: s a
movieId: FoB70  actor: Johnny Sheffield
movieId: FoB70  actor: Anne Kimbell
movieId: FoB70  actor: Paul Guilfoyle
movieId: FOp10  actor: Alessandro Gasman
movieId: FOR30  actor: Edy Williams
movieId: FOR30  actor: s a
movieId: FOR30  actor: Jasae
movieId: FOR30  actor: Brinke Stevens
movieId: FOz20  actor: Bill Murray
movieId: FOz20  actor: Richard Dreyfuss
movieId: FOz20  actor: Charlie Korsmo
movieId: FOz20  actor: Kathryn Erbe
movieId: FOz20  actor: Julie Hagerty
movieId: FOz22  actor: Goldie Hawn
movieId: FOz22  actor: Steve Martin
movieId: FOz22  actor: Dana Delaney
movieId: FOz22  actor: Peter MacNichol
movieId: FOz22  actor: Donald Moffat
movieId: FOz22  actor: Chistopher Durang
movieId: FOz22  actor: Vasek Simek
movieId: FOz25  actor: Kevin Kline
movieId: FOz25  actor: Joan Cusack
movieId: FOz25  actor: Matt Dillon
movieId: FOz25  actor: Tom Selleck
movieId: FOz25  actor: Bob Newhart
movieId: FOz29  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: FOz29  actor: Edward Norton
movieId: FOz29  actor: Angela Bassett
movieId: FOz29  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: FOz29  actor: Edward Norton
movieId: FOz29  actor: Gary Farmer
movieId: FOz29  actor: Paul Sobel
movieId: FPy1  actor: Keir Dullea
movieId: FPy1  actor: Janet Margolin
movieId: FPy1  actor: Howard daSilva
movieId: FPy1  actor: Neva Patterson
movieId: FPy1  actor: Clifton James
movieId: FPy1  actor: Richard MacMurray
movieId: Fpy7  actor: Truman Capote
movieId: Fpy7  actor: Beverly Ballard
movieId: Fpy7  actor: Jane Connell
movieId: Fpy7  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: Fpy7  actor: Mildred Natwick
movieId: Fpy7  actor: Geraldine Page
movieId: Fpy7  actor: Maureen Stapleton
movieId: FPy8  actor: Barbara Hershey
movieId: FPy8  actor: Richard Thomas
movieId: FPy8  actor: Bruce Davidson
movieId: FPy8  actor: Cathy Burns
movieId: FPy8  actor: Ernesto Gonzales
movieId: FPy8  actor: Ralph Waite
movieId: FPy10  actor: Carrie Snodgrass
movieId: FPy10  actor: Richard Benjamin
movieId: FPy10  actor: Frank Langella
movieId: FPy10  actor: Peter Boyle
movieId: FPy20  actor: Faye Dunaway
movieId: FPy20  actor: Diana Scarwid
movieId: FPy20  actor: Steve Forrest
movieId: FPy20  actor: Howard daSilva
movieId: FPy22  actor: Christopher Reeve
movieId: FPy22  actor: Genevieve Bujold
movieId: FPy22  actor: Fernando Rey
movieId: FPy22  actor: Jason Miller
movieId: FPy22  actor: Joe Cortese
movieId: FPy22  actor: Adolfo Celli
movieId: FPy22  actor: Leonardo Cimino
movieId: FPy30  actor: Frank Perry
movieId: FRa10  actor: Derek deLint
movieId: FRa10  actor: Marc vanUchelen
movieId: FRa10  actor: Monique vandeVen
movieId: FRa10  actor: John Kraaykamp
movieId: FrC1  actor: Jason Robards~jr.
movieId: FrC1  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: FrC1  actor: Barry Gordon
movieId: FrC1  actor: Barbara Harris
movieId: FrC1  actor: William Daniels
movieId: FrC1  actor: Gene Saks
movieId: FrC1  actor: Sandy Dennis
movieId: FrD10  actor: Mako
movieId: FrD10  actor: Rip Torn
movieId: FrD10  actor: John Burke
movieId: FrD10  actor: Remy Ryan
movieId: FrD10  actor: Jill Hennessy
movieId: FrD10  actor: Nancy Allen
movieId: FrE10  actor: Jean Moorehead
movieId: FrE10  actor: Barbara Weeks
movieId: FrE10  actor: Glen Corbett
movieId: FrE10  actor: Gloria Parr
movieId: FrE10  actor: Lee Constant
movieId: FrE10  actor: Art Millan
movieId: FrE10  actor: I.Stanford Jolley
movieId: FrF26  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: FrF26  actor: Rupert Davies
movieId: FrF26  actor: Veronica Carlson
movieId: FrF26  actor: Ewan Hooper
movieId: FrF26  actor: Barry Andrews
movieId: FrF26  actor: Barbara Ewins
movieId: FrF28  actor: Vanessa Howard
movieId: FrF28  actor: Howard Trevor
movieId: FrF28  actor: Ursala Howells
movieId: FrF28  actor: Pat Heywood
movieId: FrF28  actor: Michael Bryant
movieId: FrF30  actor: Ferdy Mayne
movieId: FrF35  actor: Ralph Richardson
movieId: FrF35  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: FrF35  actor: Patrick Magee
movieId: FrF35  actor: Nigel Patrick
movieId: FrF35  actor: Joan Collins
movieId: FrF35  actor: Oliver MacGreevy
movieId: FrF35  actor: Chloe Frank
movieId: FrF35  actor: Ian Hendry
movieId: FrF35  actor: Richard Greene
movieId: FrF40  actor: Kim Novak
movieId: FrF40  actor: Jack Hawkins
movieId: FrF40  actor: Donald Plesance
movieId: FrF40  actor: Joan Collins
movieId: FrF40  actor: Suzy Kendall
movieId: FrF40  actor: Donald Houston
movieId: FrF45  actor: Jack Palance
movieId: FrF45  actor: Diana Dors
movieId: FrF45  actor: Martin Potter
movieId: FrF45  actor: Trevor Howard
movieId: FrF45  actor: Hugh Griffith
movieId: FrF45  actor: Julie Ege
movieId: FrF45  actor: Suzy Kendall
movieId: FrG10  actor: Jill Schoelen
movieId: FrG10  actor: J.Eddie Peck
movieId: FrG10  actor: Jamie Farr
movieId: FrG10  actor: Sydney Lassick
movieId: FrG10  actor: Savina Gersak
movieId: FrG10  actor: Sandra Sexton
movieId: FrG10  actor: Bruce Marchiano
movieId: FrG10  actor: Shiri Appleby
movieId: FrG10  actor: Bo Svenson
movieId: FrG10  actor: Marianne Muellerleile
movieId: FrG10  actor: Terrence Evans
movieId: FrG10  actor: Al Fann
movieId: FrG10  actor: Jose Garcia
movieId: FrH10  actor: Jason Robards~jr.
movieId: FrH10  actor: Elka Kaota
movieId: FrH10  actor: Christopher Michtchum
movieId: FrH10  actor: Richard Lynch
movieId: FrH10  actor: John Saxon
movieId: FrH10  actor: Russ Tamblyn
movieId: FrH10  actor: Nina deRose
movieId: FrH10  actor: Lew
movieId: FrH10  actor: Christopher White
movieId: FRJ30  actor: Ronald Colman
movieId: FRJ30  actor: Joan Bennett
movieId: FRJ30  actor: Claud Allister
movieId: FRJ30  actor: Lilyan Tashman
movieId: FRJ30  actor: Montagu Love
movieId: FRJ30  actor: Lawrence Grant
movieId: FRK10  actor: Kristy Swanson
movieId: FRK10  actor: Luke Perry
movieId: FRK10  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: FRK10  actor: Randall Batinkoff
movieId: FRK10  actor: Rutger Hauer
movieId: FRK10  actor: Paul Reubens
movieId: FRK10  actor: Sarah Michelle Gellar
movieId: FrL10  actor: Fess Parker
movieId: FrL10  actor: Jeffrey Hunter
movieId: FrL10  actor: Jeff York
movieId: FrM1  actor: Jeff Daniels
movieId: FrM1  actor: Harley Jane Kozak
movieId: FrM1  actor: John Goodman
movieId: FrM1  actor: Julian Sands
movieId: FrM1  actor: Brian McNamara
movieId: FrM1  actor: Henry Jones
movieId: FrM1  actor: Mary Carver
movieId: FrM6  actor: Dylan Walsh
movieId: FrM6  actor: Laura Linney
movieId: FrM6  actor: Ernie Hudson
movieId: FrM6  actor: John Don Belden
movieId: FrM6  actor: Grant Heslov
movieId: FrM6  actor: s a
movieId: FrM6  actor: Jeffrey
movieId: FrM6  actor: Richard Charles
movieId: FrM6  actor: Tim Curry
movieId: FrM10  actor: Bruce Willis
movieId: FrM10  actor: s a
movieId: FrM10  actor: Helen Joe Osment
movieId: FrM10  actor: s a
movieId: FrM10  actor: Toni Collette
movieId: FrM10  actor: Oliver Williams
movieId: FrM10  actor: Tigger Moore
movieId: FrN3  actor: Douglas Fairbanks
movieId: FrN3  actor: Marguerite dela Motte
movieId: FrN3  actor: Noah Beery
movieId: FrN5  actor: Rudolph Velentino
movieId: FrN5  actor: Nita Naldi
movieId: FrN5  actor: Lila Lee
movieId: FrN5  actor: Walter Long
movieId: FrN5  actor: George Field
movieId: FrN5  actor: Rose Rosanova
movieId: FrN5  actor: Leo White
movieId: FrN5  actor: George Perolat
movieId: FrN8  actor: Ramon Novarro
movieId: FrN8  actor: Francis X. Bushman
movieId: FrN8  actor: Carmel Meyers
movieId: FrN8  actor: May McAvoy
movieId: FrN8  actor: Betty Bronson
movieId: FrN9  actor: Norma Talmadge
movieId: FrN9  actor: Gilbert Roland
movieId: FrN11  actor: Greta Garbo
movieId: FrN11  actor: Conrad Nagel
movieId: FrN11  actor: Gustav vonSeyffertitz
movieId: FRo8  actor: The Who
movieId: FRo8  actor: Phil Daniels
movieId: FRo8  actor: Sting
movieId: FRo10  actor: David Keith
movieId: FRo20  actor: Michael Biehn
movieId: FRo20  actor: Matt Craven
movieId: FRo20  actor: Patricia Charbonneau
movieId: FRo20  actor: Julia NicksonSoul
movieId: FRo20  actor: Raymond J. Barry
movieId: FRo20  actor: Hiroshi Fujioka
movieId: FRo20  actor: Jamal Shah
movieId: FRo20  actor: Luca Bercovici
movieId: FRo20  actor: Tim vanRellin
movieId: FRo20  actor: Annie Grindley
movieId: FRo20  actor: Elena Stickler
movieId: FRo28  actor: Leonor Varela
movieId: FRo28  actor: Timothy Dalton
movieId: FRo28  actor: Billy Zane
movieId: FRo28  actor: Rupert Graves
movieId: FrP2  actor: Barbra Streisand
movieId: FrP2  actor: Kris Kristofferson
movieId: FrP10  actor: Sterling Hayden
movieId: FrP10  actor: Brooke Shields
movieId: FrP10  actor: Eric Roberts
movieId: FrP10  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: FrP10  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: FrP10  actor: Judd Hirsch
movieId: FrP14  actor: Christopher Jones
movieId: FrP14  actor: Ralph Richardson
movieId: FrP14  actor: Pia Degermark
movieId: FrP14  actor: Paul Rogers
movieId: FrP14  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: FrR17  actor: Gian Maria Volonte
movieId: FrR17  actor: Alain Cluny
movieId: FrR17  actor: Paolo Bonacelli
movieId: FrR17  actor: Lea Massari
movieId: FrR17  actor: Irene Pappas
movieId: FrR17  actor: Francois Simon
movieId: FrR20  actor: Julia MigenesJohnson
movieId: FrR20  actor: Placido Domingo
movieId: FrR20  actor: Ruggiero Raimondi
movieId: FrR20  actor: s a
movieId: FrR20  actor: s a
movieId: FrS10  actor: Phil Silvers
movieId: FrS10  actor: Ed Lauter
movieId: FrS10  actor: Steven Guttenberg
movieId: FrS10  actor: Meridith Baer
movieId: FrS10  actor: Lisa Reeves
movieId: FrT5  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: FrT5  actor: Roy Rogers
movieId: FrT5  actor: Jane Russell
movieId: FrT5  actor: Trigger
movieId: FrT5  actor: Douglass Dumbrille
movieId: FrT5  actor: Haryy VonZell
movieId: FrT5  actor: Bill Williams
movieId: FrT5  actor: Lloyd Corrigan
movieId: FrT7  actor: Dick Powell
movieId: FrT7  actor: Debbie Reynolds
movieId: FrT7  actor: Anne Francis
movieId: FrT7  actor: Glenda Farrell
movieId: FrT7  actor: Alvey Moore
movieId: FrT10  actor: Dean Martin
movieId: FrT10  actor: Jerry Lewis
movieId: FrT10  actor: Shirley MacLaine
movieId: FrT10  actor: Dorothy Malone
movieId: FrT10  actor: Eddire mayhoff
movieId: FrT10  actor: Eva Gabor
movieId: FrT10  actor: Anita Eckberg
movieId: FrT10  actor: George `Foghorn' Winslow
movieId: FrT10  actor: Jack Elam
movieId: FrT13  actor: Jayne Mansfield
movieId: FrT13  actor: Tom Ewell
movieId: FrT13  actor: Edmond OBrien
movieId: FrT13  actor: Henry Jones
movieId: FrT13  actor: John Emery
movieId: FrT13  actor: Julie London
movieId: FrT13  actor: Ray Anthony
movieId: FrT13  actor: Fats Domino
movieId: FrT13  actor: Eddy Cochran
movieId: FrT13  actor: Little Richard
movieId: FrT13  actor: The Platters
movieId: FrT13  actor: s a
movieId: FrT13  actor: Henry Jones
movieId: FrT13  actor: Eddie Fountain
movieId: FrT13  actor: Johnny Ray
movieId: FrT13  actor: s a
movieId: FrT16  actor: Jayne Mansfield
movieId: FrT16  actor: Tony Randall
movieId: FrT16  actor: Betsy Drake
movieId: FrT16  actor: Joan Blondell
movieId: FrT16  actor: John Williams
movieId: FrT16  actor: Mickey Hargitay
movieId: FrT20  actor: Jerry Lewis
movieId: FrT20  actor: Marilyn Maxwell
movieId: FrT20  actor: Reginald Gardiner
movieId: FrT20  actor: Salavtore Baccaloni
movieId: FrT20  actor: Hans Conried
movieId: FrT20  actor: Isobel Elsom
movieId: FrT20  actor: Jimmie Gleason
movieId: FrT20  actor: Isa Moore
movieId: FrT20  actor: Connie Stevens
movieId: FrT22  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: FrT22  actor: Robert Wagner
movieId: FrT22  actor: Debbie Reynolds
movieId: FrT22  actor: Ray Walston
movieId: FrT22  actor: Les Tremayne
movieId: FrT22  actor: Connie Gilchrist
movieId: FrT22  actor: Frank McHugh
movieId: FrT22  actor: Joe Besser
movieId: FrT22  actor: Sebastion Cabot
movieId: FrT23  actor: Jerry Lewis
movieId: FrT23  actor: Ed Wynn
movieId: FrT23  actor: Judith Anderson
movieId: FrT23  actor: Anna Maria Alberghetti
movieId: FrT23  actor: Henry Silva
movieId: FrT23  actor: Robert Hutton
movieId: FrT23  actor: Count Basie
movieId: FrT25  actor: Jerry Lewis
movieId: FrT30  actor: Tony Randall
movieId: FrT30  actor: Robert Morley
movieId: FrT30  actor: Anita Ekberg
movieId: FrT30  actor: Maurice Denham
movieId: FrT30  actor: James Villiers
movieId: FrT30  actor: Guy Rolfe
movieId: FrT32  actor: Doris Day
movieId: FrT32  actor: Rod Taylor
movieId: FrT32  actor: Arthur Godfrey
movieId: FrT32  actor: John McGiver
movieId: FrT32  actor: Paul Lynde
movieId: FrT32  actor: Edward Andrews
movieId: FrT32  actor: Eric Fleming
movieId: FrT32  actor: Dom deLuise
movieId: FrT32  actor: Dick Martin
movieId: FrT32  actor: George Tobias
movieId: FrV10  actor: s a
movieId: FrV10  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: FrV10  actor: Pierre Richard
movieId: FrV20  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: FrV20  actor: Pierre Richard
movieId: FrW1  actor: Kay Francis
movieId: FrW1  actor: James Ellison
movieId: FrW1  actor: Mildred Coles
movieId: FrW1  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: FrW1  actor: Margaret Hamilton
movieId: FrW1  actor: Katherine Alexander
movieId: FrW10  actor: Judith Anderson
movieId: FrW10  actor: Dennis OKeefe
movieId: FrW10  actor: Frances Neal
movieId: FrW10  actor: Mildred Coles
movieId: FrW10  actor: Eric Blore
movieId: FrW10  actor: Marc Lawrence
movieId: FSc5  actor: Tommy Lewis
movieId: FSc5  actor: Freddy Reynolds
movieId: FSc10  actor: Willie Nelson
movieId: FSc10  actor: Gary Busey
movieId: FSc10  actor: Gilbert Roland
movieId: FSc13  actor: Timothy Hutton
movieId: FSc13  actor: Lindsay Crouse
movieId: FSc13  actor: John Lone
movieId: FSc15  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: FSc15  actor: Charles Dance
movieId: FSc15  actor: Tracey Ullman
movieId: FSc15  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: FSc15  actor: Sting
movieId: FSc15  actor: Ian McKellen
movieId: FSc15  actor: Sam Neill
movieId: FSc18  actor: Steve Martin
movieId: FSc18  actor: Daryl Hannah
movieId: FSc20  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: FSc20  actor: Sam Neill
movieId: FSc20  actor: s a
movieId: FSc20  actor: s a
movieId: FSc20  actor: Charles `Bud' Tingwell
movieId: FSc20  actor: Bruce Myles
movieId: FSc20  actor: Dennis Miller
movieId: FSc20  actor: Neil Fitzpatrick
movieId: FSc25  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: FSc25  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: FSc25  actor: Roy Scheider
movieId: FSc25  actor: Klaus Maria Brandauer
movieId: FSc25  actor: Nikolai Pastukhov
movieId: FSc25  actor: James Fox
movieId: FSc25  actor: Ken Russell
movieId: FSc27  actor: Tom Selleck
movieId: FSc29  actor: Stockard Channing
movieId: FSc29  actor: Will Smith
movieId: FSc29  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: FSc29  actor: Ian McKellen
movieId: FSc29  actor: Bruce Davison
movieId: FSc29  actor: Mary Beth Hurt
movieId: FSc29  actor: Eric Thal
movieId: FSc29  actor: Anthony Michael Hall
movieId: FSc29  actor: Heather Graham
movieId: FSc29  actor: Arlene Dahl
movieId: FSc31  actor: Tim Robbins
movieId: FSc31  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: FSc31  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: FSc31  actor: s a
movieId: FSc31  actor: sa
movieId: FSc31  actor: sa
movieId: FSc31  actor: Stephen Fry
movieId: FSc34  actor: Steve Gutenberg
movieId: FSc34  actor: sa
movieId: FSc34  actor: Catherine Quinlan
movieId: FSh10  actor: Kerry Mack
movieId: FSh10  actor: Ralph Schicha
movieId: FSl10  actor: Paul Bowles
movieId: FSl10  actor: Samir Guesmi
movieId: FSl10  actor: Khaled Ksouri
movieId: FSl10  actor: Sondos Belhasseni
movieId: FSl10  actor: Veronica Quilligan
movieId: FSl10  actor: San Cox
movieId: FSl10  actor: Said Zakir
movieId: FSt10  actor: Lionel Atwill
movieId: FSt10  actor: Lionel Belmore
movieId: FSt10  actor: Dwight Frye
movieId: FSt10  actor: Robert Fraser
movieId: FSt10  actor: Fay Wray
movieId: FSt10  actor: Melvyn Douglas
movieId: FSt20  actor: Arthur Lake
movieId: FSt20  actor: Penny Singleton
movieId: FSt20  actor: Larry Simms
movieId: FSt20  actor: s a
movieId: FSt20  actor: Jonathan Hale
movieId: FSt20  actor: Gene Lockhart
movieId: FSt20  actor: Ann Doran
movieId: FSt20  actor: Irving Bacon
movieId: FT1  actor: sr
movieId: FT1  actor: brat
movieId: FT2  actor: JeanPierre Leaud
movieId: FT2  actor: Clare Maurier
movieId: FT2  actor: Albert Remy
movieId: FT2  actor: Patrick Auffay
movieId: FT3  actor: Charles Aznavour
movieId: FT3  actor: Nicole Berger
movieId: FT3  actor: Marie Dubois
movieId: FT3  actor: Albert R\`emy
movieId: FT3  actor: Mich\`ele Mercier
movieId: FT3  actor: Daniel Boulanger
movieId: FT4  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: FT4  actor: Henri Serre
movieId: FT4  actor: Oscar Werner
movieId: FT4  actor: Sabine Haudepin
movieId: FT4  actor: Marie Dubois
movieId: FT4  actor: Varna Urbin
movieId: FT4  actor: s a
movieId: FT6  actor: Jean DeSailly
movieId: FT6  actor: Francoise Dorleac
movieId: FT6  actor: Nelly Benedetti
movieId: FT6  actor: Daniel Ceccaldi
movieId: FT6  actor: Laurence Badie
movieId: FT6  actor: Phillipe Duval
movieId: FT6  actor: Paule Emmanuele
movieId: FT6  actor: Maurice Garvel
movieId: FT6  actor: Jean Lanier
movieId: FT6  actor: Sabine Haudepin
movieId: FT6  actor: Dominique LaCarriere
movieId: FT6  actor: Pierre Risch
movieId: FT7  actor: Oskar Werner
movieId: FT7  actor: Julie Christie
movieId: FT7  actor: Julie Christie
movieId: FT7  actor: Cyril Cusack
movieId: FT7  actor: Anton Diffring
movieId: FT7  actor: Jeremy Spenser
movieId: FT7  actor: Mark Lester
movieId: FT8  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: FT8  actor: JeanLouis Richard
movieId: FT8  actor: Michel Bouquet
movieId: FT8  actor: Charles Denner
movieId: FT8  actor: Claude Rich
movieId: FT8  actor: JeanClaude Brialy
movieId: FT8  actor: Michel Lonsdale
movieId: FT9  actor: JeanPierre Leaud
movieId: FT9  actor: Delphine Seyrig
movieId: FT9  actor: Claude Jade
movieId: FT10  actor: JeanPaul Belmondo
movieId: FT10  actor: Catherine Deneuve
movieId: FT10  actor: Michel Bouquet
movieId: FT10  actor: Nelly Borgeaud
movieId: FT11  actor: JeanPierre Cargol
movieId: FT11  actor: Francois Truffaut
movieId: FT11  actor: Francoise Seigner
movieId: FT11  actor: Jean Daste
movieId: FT12  actor: JeanPierre Leaud
movieId: FT12  actor: Claude Jade
movieId: FT12  actor: Hiroke Berghauer
movieId: FT12  actor: Daniel Ceccaldi
movieId: FT13  actor: Kika Markham
movieId: FT13  actor: Stacey Tenderer
movieId: FT13  actor: JeanPierre Leaud
movieId: FT13  actor: Phillippe Leotard
movieId: FT13  actor: Sylvia Marriott
movieId: FT14  actor: Bernadette Lafont
movieId: FT14  actor: Claude Brasseur
movieId: FT14  actor: Charles Denner
movieId: FT14  actor: Guy Marchand
movieId: FT14  actor: s a
movieId: FT14  actor: s a
movieId: FT15  actor: Jacqueline Bisset
movieId: FT15  actor: JeanPierre Aumont
movieId: FT15  actor: Valentina Cortese
movieId: FT15  actor: JeanPierre Leaud
movieId: FT15  actor: Dani
movieId: FT15  actor: Alexandra Stewart
movieId: FT15  actor: Jean Champion
movieId: FT15  actor: Francois Truffaut
movieId: FT15  actor: David Markham
movieId: FT15  actor: Nathalie Baye
movieId: FT15  actor: Grahame Greene
movieId: FT16  actor: Isabelle Adjani
movieId: FT16  actor: Bruce Robinson
movieId: FT16  actor: Sylvia Marriott
movieId: FT16  actor: Reubin Dorey
movieId: FT18  actor: JeanFrancois Stevenin
movieId: FT18  actor: Geory Desmouceaux
movieId: FT18  actor: Virginie Thevenet
movieId: FT18  actor: Philippe Goldman
movieId: FT20  actor: Charles Denner
movieId: FT20  actor: Brigitte Fossey
movieId: FT20  actor: Nelly Borgeaud
movieId: FT20  actor: Genevieve Fontanel
movieId: FT20  actor: Nathalie Baye
movieId: FT20  actor: Sabine Glaser
movieId: FT20  actor: Val\'erie Bonnier
movieId: FT20  actor: Martine Chassaing
movieId: FT20  actor: Roselyne Puyo
movieId: FT20  actor: Anna Perrier
movieId: FT20  actor: Monique Dury
movieId: FT20  actor: Nella Barnier
movieId: FT20  actor: Fr\'ed\'erique Jamet
movieId: FT20  actor: M.J. Montfajon
movieId: FT20  actor: Leslie Caron
movieId: FT20  actor: Jean Daste
movieId: FT20  actor: Roger Leenhardt
movieId: FT21  actor: Francois Truffaut
movieId: FT21  actor: Nathalie Baye
movieId: FT21  actor: Jeanne Lobre
movieId: FT21  actor: Jean Daste
movieId: FT22  actor: JeanPierre Leaud
movieId: FT22  actor: Claude Jade
movieId: FT22  actor: MarieFrance Pisier
movieId: FT22  actor: Dani
movieId: FT22  actor: Julien Bertheau
movieId: FT22  actor: Dorothe\'e
movieId: Ft24  actor: Catherine Deneuve
movieId: FT24  actor: Heinz Bennent
movieId: FT24  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: FT24  actor: Andrea Ferreol
movieId: FT28  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: FT28  actor: Fanny Ardent
movieId: FT28  actor: Henri Garcin
movieId: FT28  actor: Michele Baumgartner
movieId: FT30  actor: Fanny Ardent
movieId: FT30  actor: JeanLouis Trintigant
movieId: FT30  actor: Caroline Sihol
movieId: FT30  actor: Philippe Laudenbach
movieId: FTa10  actor: David Arquette
movieId: FTa10  actor: Brad Hunt
movieId: FTa10  actor: Kathryn Erbe
movieId: FTa10  actor: Cathy Moriarty
movieId: FTa10  actor: Richmond Arquette
movieId: FTr10  actor: s a
movieId: FTr10  actor: s a
movieId: FTr10  actor: s a
movieId: FTr10  actor: s a
movieId: FTr12  actor: Antonio Banderas
movieId: FTr14  actor: Antonio Banderas
movieId: FTr14  actor: Melanie Griffith
movieId: FTr14  actor: Daryl Hannah
movieId: FTu7  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: FTu7  actor: Nora Lane
movieId: FTu7  actor: Chester Conklin
movieId: FTu10  actor: Clara Bow
movieId: FTu10  actor: Fredric March
movieId: FTu10  actor: Harry Green
movieId: FTu10  actor: Rex Bell
movieId: FTu15  actor: Lily Damita
movieId: FTu15  actor: Charlie Ruggles
movieId: FTu15  actor: Roland Young
movieId: FTu15  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: FTu15  actor: Thelma Todd
movieId: FTu15  actor: Irving Bacon
movieId: FTu15  actor: Claire Dodd
movieId: FTu19  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: FTu19  actor: Kate Smnith
movieId: FTu19  actor: George Burns
movieId: FTu19  actor: Gracie Allen
movieId: FTu19  actor: Stuart Erwin sr
movieId: FTu19  actor: Leila Hyams
movieId: FTu19  actor: Cab Calloway
movieId: FTu19  actor: The Mills Brothers
movieId: FTu19  actor: Eddie Lang
movieId: FTu19  actor: The Boswell Sisters
movieId: FTu20  actor: Eddie Cantor
movieId: FTu20  actor: Gloria Stuart
movieId: FTu20  actor: Ruth Etting
movieId: FTu20  actor: Edward Arnold
movieId: FTu20  actor: Alan Mowbray
movieId: FTu20  actor: Verree Teasdale
movieId: FTu20  actor: David Manners
movieId: FTu20  actor: Goldwyn Girls
movieId: FTu20  actor: Paulette Goddard
movieId: FTu20  actor: Lucille Ball
movieId: FTu23  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: FTu23  actor: Kitty Carlisle
movieId: FTu23  actor: Roland Young
movieId: FTu23  actor: Alison Skipworth
movieId: FTu23  actor: Reginald Owen
movieId: FTu23  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: FTu25  actor: Edward Arnold
movieId: FTu25  actor: George Raft
movieId: FTu25  actor: Claire Dodd
movieId: FTu25  actor: Rosalind Keith
movieId: FTu25  actor: Guinn Williams
movieId: FTu25  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: FTu50  actor: Alan Ladd
movieId: FTu50  actor: Veronica Ladd
movieId: FTu50  actor: Robert Preston
movieId: FTu50  actor: Laird Cregar
movieId: FTu50  actor: Tully Marshall
movieId: FTu50  actor: Mikhail Rasumny
movieId: FTu50  actor: Marc Lawrence
movieId: FTu60  actor: William Bendix
movieId: FTu60  actor: Phil Silvers
movieId: FTu60  actor: Joan Blondell
movieId: FTu60  actor: Mary Treen
movieId: FTu60  actor: Anne revere
movieId: FTu60  actor: George Macready
movieId: FWa10  actor: Carol Kane
movieId: FWa10  actor: Charles Durning
movieId: FWa10  actor: Colleen Dewhurst
movieId: FWh5  actor: Whitney Houston
movieId: FWh5  actor: Angela Bassett
movieId: FWh5  actor: Loretta Devine
movieId: FWh5  actor: Lela Rochon
movieId: FWh10  actor: Sandra Bullock
movieId: FWh10  actor: Henry Conniff~jr.
movieId: FWh10  actor: Gena Rowlands
movieId: FWh10  actor: s a
movieId: FWs10  actor: Fred Williamson
movieId: FWs10  actor: Bo Svenson
movieId: FWs10  actor: Henry Silva
movieId: FWs10  actor: Van Johnson
movieId: FWs10  actor: Sonny Landham
movieId: FWs10  actor: Chuck Connors
movieId: FWs10  actor: Kim Dakour
movieId: FWs10  actor: Tom Joyner
movieId: FWs10  actor: Karci Brown
movieId: FWs10  actor: Jason Myrick
movieId: FWs10  actor: Mary Chris Wall
movieId: FWs10  actor: Opal Bush
movieId: FWs10  actor: Kettle Rochelle
movieId: FWs10  actor: Sheila Sant'anna
movieId: FWs10  actor: Daniella Maderas
movieId: FWx10  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: FWx10  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: FWx10  actor: Pal
movieId: FWx10  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: FWx10  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: FWx10  actor: May Whitty
movieId: FWx10  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: FWx10  actor: Elsa Lanchester
movieId: FWx10  actor: J.Pat OMalley
movieId: FWx10  actor: Ben Webster
movieId: FWx10  actor: s a
movieId: FWx15  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: FWx15  actor: Frank Morgan
movieId: FWx15  actor: Tom Drake
movieId: FWx15  actor: s a
movieId: FWx18  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: FWx18  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: FWx18  actor: Tom Drake
movieId: FWx18  actor: s a
movieId: FWx20  actor: Margaret OBrien
movieId: FWx20  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: FWx20  actor: Gladys Cooper
movieId: FWx20  actor: Elsa Lanchester
movieId: FWx20  actor: Dean Stockwell
movieId: FWx20  actor: Brian Roper
movieId: FWx30  actor: Walter Pidgeon
movieId: FWx30  actor: Anne Francis
movieId: FWx30  actor: Leslie Nielsen
movieId: FxB10  actor: Francis Ford Coppola
movieId: FxB10  actor: Eleanor Coppola
movieId: FxB10  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: FxB10  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: FxB10  actor: George Lucas
movieId: FxB10  actor: John Milius
movieId: FxB10  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: FxB10  actor: Martin Sheen
movieId: FxB10  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: FZ6  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: FZ8  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: FZ8  actor: Jack Webb
movieId: FZ8  actor: Teresa Wright
movieId: FZ8  actor: Everett Sloane
movieId: FZ8  actor: Arthur Jurado
movieId: FZ8  actor: Jack Webb
movieId: FZ8  actor: Howard StJohn
movieId: FZ10  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: FZ10  actor: Grace Kelly
movieId: FZ10  actor: Lloyd Bridges
movieId: FZ10  actor: Thomas Mitchell
movieId: FZ10  actor: Katy Jurado
movieId: FZ10  actor: Otto Kruger
movieId: FZ10  actor: Lon Chaney
movieId: FZ10  actor: Henry Morgan
movieId: FZ10  actor: Lee VanCleef
movieId: FZ11  actor: Julie Harris
movieId: FZ11  actor: Ethel Waters
movieId: FZ11  actor: Brandon deWilde
movieId: FZ11  actor: Arthur Franz
movieId: FZ11  actor: Nancy Gates
movieId: FZ11  actor: James Edwards
movieId: FZ12  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: FZ12  actor: Deborah Kerr
movieId: FZ12  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: FZ12  actor: Montgomery Clift
movieId: FZ12  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: FZ12  actor: Donna Reed
movieId: FZ12  actor: Barbara Morrison
movieId: FZ12  actor: s a
movieId: FZ12  actor: s a
movieId: FZ12  actor: s a
movieId: FZ12  actor: s a
movieId: FZ13  actor: Gordon Macrae
movieId: FZ13  actor: Phillip Ober
movieId: FZ13  actor: Shirley Jones
movieId: FZ13  actor: Rod Steiger
movieId: FZ13  actor: Gloria Grahame
movieId: FZ13  actor: Charlotte Greenwood
movieId: FZ13  actor: Gene Nelson
movieId: FZ13  actor: Eddie Albert
movieId: FZ13  actor: Barbara Lawrence
movieId: FZ13  actor: Jay C. Flippen
movieId: FZ13  actor: Roy Barcroft
movieId: FZ13  actor: James Mitchell
movieId: FZ13  actor: Bambi Linn
movieId: FZ13  actor: James Whitmore
movieId: FZ14  actor: Audrey Hepburn
movieId: FZ14  actor: Peter Finch
movieId: FZ14  actor: Edith Evans
movieId: FZ14  actor: Peggy Ashcroft
movieId: FZ14  actor: Dean Jagger
movieId: FZ14  actor: Mildred Dunnock
movieId: FZ14  actor: Patricia Collinge
movieId: FZ14  actor: Beatrice Straight
movieId: FZ14  actor: Lionel Jeffries
movieId: FZ15  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: FZ15  actor: Deborah Kerr
movieId: FZ15  actor: Glynis Johns
movieId: FZ15  actor: Peter Ustinov
movieId: FZ15  actor: Michael Andersen~jr
movieId: FZ15  actor: Dina Merrill
movieId: FZ15  actor: Wylie Watson
movieId: FZ15  actor: Chips Rafferty
movieId: FZ17  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: FZ17  actor: Omar Sharif
movieId: FZ18  actor: Paul Scofield
movieId: FZ18  actor: Robert Shaw
movieId: FZ18  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: FZ18  actor: Leo McKern
movieId: FZ18  actor: Wendy Hiller
movieId: FZ19  actor: Edward Fox
movieId: FZ19  actor: Alan Badel
movieId: FZ19  actor: Tony Britton
movieId: FZ19  actor: Cyril Cusack
movieId: FZ19  actor: Michael Lonsdale
movieId: FZ19  actor: Eric Porter
movieId: FZ19  actor: Delphine Seyrig
movieId: FZ19  actor: Donald Sinden
movieId: FZ19  actor: Timothy West
movieId: FZ19  actor: Olga GeorgesPicot
movieId: FZ19  actor: Barrie Ingham
movieId: FZ19  actor: Maurice Denham
movieId: FZ19  actor: Anton Rogers
movieId: FZ20  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: FZ20  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: FZ20  actor: Vanessa Redgrave
movieId: FZ20  actor: Rosemary Murphy
movieId: FZ20  actor: Maximilian Schell
movieId: FZ20  actor: Hal Holbrook
movieId: FZ20  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: FZ20  actor: John Glover
movieId: FZ20  actor: Cathleen Nesbitt
movieId: FZ20  actor: Maurice Denham
movieId: FZ20  actor: Susan Jones
movieId: FZ20  actor: Lisa Pelikan
movieId: FZ21  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: FZ21  actor: Betsy Brantley
movieId: FZ21  actor: Lambert Wilson
movieId: FZe1  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: FZe1  actor: Richard Burton
movieId: FZe1  actor: Michael York
movieId: FZe1  actor: Cyril Cusack
movieId: FZe1  actor: Victor Spinetti
movieId: FZe1  actor: Michael Hodern
movieId: FZe1  actor: Vernon Dobtchef
movieId: FZe1  actor: Natasha Pyne
movieId: FZe1  actor: Alan Webb
movieId: FZe2  actor: Leonard Whiting
movieId: FZe2  actor: Olivia Hussey
movieId: FZe2  actor: Milo OShea
movieId: FZe2  actor: Michael York
movieId: FZe2  actor: John McEnery
movieId: FZe2  actor: Pat Heywood
movieId: FZe2  actor: Paul Hardwick
movieId: FZe2  actor: Natasha Peryy
movieId: FZe2  actor: Antionio Pierfrederici
movieId: FZe2  actor: Esmeralda Ruspoli
movieId: FZe2  actor: Bruce Robinson
movieId: FZe2  actor: Roberto Bisacco
movieId: FZe2  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: FZe3  actor: Graham Faulkner
movieId: FZe3  actor: Judi Bowker
movieId: FZe3  actor: Alec Guinness
movieId: FZe3  actor: Leigh Lawson
movieId: FZe3  actor: Kenneth Cranham
movieId: FZe3  actor: Lee Montague
movieId: FZe3  actor: Valentina Cortese
movieId: FZe5  actor: Jon Voight
movieId: FZe5  actor: Faye Dunaway
movieId: FZe5  actor: Ricky Schroder
movieId: FZe5  actor: Strother Martin
movieId: FZe5  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: FZe5  actor: Arthur Hill
movieId: FZe5  actor: Joan Blondell
movieId: FZe5  actor: Elisha Cook~jr.
movieId: FZe6  actor: Tom Cruise
movieId: FZe6  actor: Martin Hewitt
movieId: FZe6  actor: Brooke Shields
movieId: FZe6  actor: Richard Kiley
movieId: FZe6  actor: Beatrice Straight
movieId: FZe6  actor: Don Murray
movieId: FZe6  actor: Shirley Knight
movieId: FZe6  actor: Penelope Milford
movieId: FZe10  actor: Placido Domingo
movieId: FZe10  actor: Justino Diaz
movieId: FZe10  actor: Katia Ricciarelli
movieId: FZe10  actor: Petra Mlakova
movieId: FZe15  actor: Mel Gibson
movieId: FZe15  actor: Glenn Close
movieId: FZe15  actor: Alan Bates
movieId: FZe15  actor: Ian Holm
movieId: FZe15  actor: Paul Scofield
movieId: FZe15  actor: Helena BonhamCarter
movieId: FZe15  actor: Stephen Dillane
movieId: FZe15  actor: Nathaniel Parker
movieId: FZe21  actor: Charlotte Gainsborough
movieId: FZe21  actor: Anna Pacquin
movieId: FZe21  actor: William Hurt
movieId: FZe21  actor: Joan Plowright
movieId: FZe21  actor: Anna Kaplan
movieId: FZe21  actor: Maria Schneider
movieId: FZe21  actor: Ellen Macpherson
movieId: FZe21  actor: Samuel West
movieId: FZe21  actor: Edward deSouzo
movieId: FZe21  actor: s a
movieId: FZe21  actor: s a
movieId: FZe21  actor: s a
movieId: FZe23  actor: Lily Tomlin
movieId: FZe23  actor: Judy Dench
movieId: FZe23  actor: Maggie Smith
movieId: FZe23  actor: Joan Plowright
movieId: FZe23  actor: Cher
movieId: FZe23  actor: Charlie Lucas
movieId: FZe23  actor: Baird Wallace
movieId: GAd5  actor: Tueday Weld
movieId: GAd5  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: GAd5  actor: Lola Albright
movieId: GAd5  actor: Ruth Gordon
movieId: GAd5  actor: Sarah Marshall
movieId: GAd5  actor: Martin West
movieId: GAd5  actor: Max Showalter
movieId: GAe10  actor: Gilber Adler
movieId: GAe10  actor: Dennis Miller
movieId: GAe10  actor: Erika Eleniak
movieId: GAe10  actor: Angie Everhart
movieId: GAe10  actor: Chris Sarandon
movieId: GAe10  actor: Corey Feldman
movieId: GAe10  actor: John Kassir
movieId: GAg10  actor: Catherine Deneuve
movieId: GAg10  actor: Vincent Linden
movieId: GAg10  actor: Mathilde Seigneur
movieId: GaK4  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: GaK4  actor: David Niven
movieId: GaK4  actor: Charles Coburn
movieId: GaK4  actor: Frank Albertson
movieId: GaK4  actor: E.E. Clive
movieId: GaK4  actor: Ernest Truex
movieId: GaK5  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: GaK5  actor: Irene Dunne
movieId: GaK5  actor: Gail Patrick
movieId: GaK5  actor: Randolph Scott
movieId: GaK5  actor: Ann Shoemaker
movieId: GaK5  actor: Donahue McBride
movieId: GaK6  actor: Carole Lombard
movieId: GaK6  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: GaK6  actor: William Gargan
movieId: GaK6  actor: Harry Carey
movieId: GaK6  actor: Frank Fay
movieId: GaK7  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: GaK7  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: GaK7  actor: Alan Marshal
movieId: GaK7  actor: George Murphy
movieId: GaK7  actor: Phil Silvers
movieId: GaK7  actor: Joe Cunningham
movieId: GaK7  actor: Jane Seymour
movieId: GaK7  actor: Leonore Lonergan
movieId: GaK20  actor: Richard Pryor
movieId: GaK20  actor: Margot Kidder
movieId: GaM10  actor: Coral Browne
movieId: GaM10  actor: Ian Holm
movieId: GaM10  actor: Amelia Shankley
movieId: GaM10  actor: Jane Asher
movieId: GaM10  actor: Peter Gallagher
movieId: GaM10  actor: Nicola Cowper
movieId: GaM10  actor: Caris Corfman
movieId: GaO10  actor: Suzanne Browne
movieId: GaO10  actor: Kristi Ducati
movieId: GaO10  actor: Meriah Naipaul
movieId: GaO10  actor: Rick Gerzon
movieId: GaO10  actor: Sam Cers
movieId: GaO10  actor: Larry deRussy
movieId: GAr58  actor: Ricardo Cortez
movieId: GAr58  actor: Irene Dunne
movieId: GAr58  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: GAr58  actor: Jill Esmond
movieId: GAr58  actor: Florence Eldridge
movieId: GAr58  actor: Julie Haydon
movieId: GAr58  actor: Marjorie Gat3eson
movieId: GAr58  actor: C.Henry Gordon
movieId: GAr59  actor: Edna May Oliver
movieId: GAr59  actor: James Gleason
movieId: GAr59  actor: Mae Clarke
movieId: GAr59  actor: Robert Armstrong
movieId: GAr59  actor: Donald Cook
movieId: GAr59  actor: Robert Kennedy
movieId: GAr60  actor: Erich vonStroheim
movieId: GAr60  actor: Richard Dix
movieId: GAr60  actor: Robert Armstrong
movieId: GAr60  actor: Joel McCrea
movieId: GAr60  actor: Mary Astor
movieId: GAr60  actor: Dorothy Jordan
movieId: GAr60  actor: Hugh Herbert
movieId: GAr60  actor: Ralph Ince
movieId: GAr60  actor: Marjorie Peterson
movieId: GAr80  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: GAr80  actor: Shirley Ross
movieId: GAr80  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: GAr80  actor: Gene Krupa
movieId: GAr80  actor: Richard Denning
movieId: GAS10  actor: Season Hubley
movieId: GAS10  actor: Gary Swanson
movieId: GAS10  actor: Wings Hauser
movieId: GaT7  actor: s a
movieId: GaT10  actor: Paige OHara
movieId: GaT10  actor: Robby Benson
movieId: GaT10  actor: Richard White
movieId: GaT10  actor: Angela Lansbury
movieId: GaT10  actor: Kathleen Turner
movieId: GaT10  actor: Jerry Ohrbach
movieId: GaT10  actor: David Ogden Stears
movieId: GaT10  actor: Jo Anne Worley
movieId: GaT10  actor: Celine Dion
movieId: GaT10  actor: Peobo Bryson
movieId: GaT11  actor: Grace Zabriskie
movieId: GaT11  actor: Samantha Mathis
movieId: GaT11  actor: Tim Curry
movieId: GaT11  actor: Jonathan Ward
movieId: GaT11  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: GaT11  actor: Johnny Clegg
movieId: GaT11  actor: Raffi
movieId: GaT11  actor: Christian Slater
movieId: GaT11  actor: Cheech Marin
movieId: GaT11  actor: Thomas Chong
movieId: GaT11  actor: ToneLoc
movieId: GaT18  actor: Tom Hulce
movieId: GaW10  actor: Dudley Moore
movieId: GaW10  actor: Richard Pryor
movieId: GaW10  actor: Lorraine Newman
movieId: GaW10  actor: James Coco
movieId: GaW10  actor: Jack Gilford
movieId: GAx1  actor: Stephane Audran
movieId: GAx1  actor: Birgitte Federspiel
movieId: GAx1  actor: Bodil Kjer
movieId: GAx1  actor: Jarl Kulle
movieId: GAx1  actor: JeanPhillippe Lafort
movieId: GAx1  actor: Hanne Stensgard
movieId: GAx1  actor: Vibeke Hastrup
movieId: GAx1  actor: Gudmar Wivveson
movieId: GAx1  actor: Bibi Anderson
movieId: GBl10  actor: Alan Alda
movieId: GBl10  actor: Blythe Danner
movieId: GBl10  actor: Heath Lamberts
movieId: GBl20  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: GBl20  actor: Suzanne Somers
movieId: GBl20  actor: Larence Dane
movieId: GBl20  actor: Roscoe Lee Browne
movieId: GBo5  actor: Trish VanDevere
movieId: GBo5  actor: Joseph Cotton
movieId: GBo5  actor: Perry Lang
movieId: GBo15  actor: Caren Kaye
movieId: GBo15  actor: Matt Lattanzi
movieId: GBo15  actor: Kevin McCarthy
movieId: GBS42  actor: Richard Dix
movieId: GBS42  actor: Lois Wilson
movieId: GBS42  actor: Noah Beery
movieId: GBS42  actor: Malcom mcGregor
movieId: GBS92  actor: Randolph Scott
movieId: GBS92  actor: Binnie Barnes
movieId: GBS92  actor: Bruce Cabot
movieId: GBS92  actor: Henry Wilcoxon
movieId: GBS92  actor: Heather Angel
movieId: GBS92  actor: Hugh Buckler
movieId: GBS92  actor: Lumschott Hare
movieId: GBS92  actor: Fred McLaren
movieId: GBS92  actor: s a
movieId: GBS93  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: GBS93  actor: Spring Byington
movieId: GBS93  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: GBS93  actor: Cecelia Parker
movieId: GBS93  actor: Sara Haden
movieId: GBS95  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: GBS95  actor: Fay Holden
movieId: GBS95  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: GBS95  actor: Cecelia Parker
movieId: GBS95  actor: Sara Haden
movieId: GBS95  actor: Ann Rutherford
movieId: GBS96  actor: Ruth Hussey
movieId: GBS97  actor: Judy Garland
movieId: GBS97  actor: Lana Turner
movieId: GBS100  actor: Walter Pidgeon
movieId: GBS100  actor: Rita Johnson
movieId: GBS100  actor: Paul Kelly
movieId: GBS100  actor: Nat Pendleton
movieId: GBS100  actor: Harold Huber
movieId: GBS100  actor: Grant Mitchell
movieId: GBS100  actor: Lionel Royce
movieId: GBS100  actor: Raymond Hatton
movieId: GBS100  actor: Helena Phillips Evans
movieId: GBS100  actor: J. Kerrigan
movieId: GBS100  actor: Dan Barrett
movieId: GBS100  actor: Phillip Donegan
movieId: GBS100  actor: Adrian Mars
movieId: GBS100  actor: Graim Williams
movieId: GBS103  actor: June Preisser
movieId: GBS103  actor: Maria Ouspenskaya
movieId: GBS110  actor: Judy Garland
movieId: GBS130  actor: Kathryn Grayson
movieId: GBS130  actor: Ina Hunter
movieId: GBS132  actor: Judy Garland
movieId: GBS144  actor: Donna Reed
movieId: GBS145  actor: Esther Williams
movieId: GBS145  actor: Susan Peters
movieId: GBS150  actor: Bonita Granville
movieId: GBS150  actor: Jean Porter
movieId: GBS150  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: GBS150  actor: The Wilde~Twins
movieId: GBo10  actor: Jayne Kennedy
movieId: GBo10  actor: Peter Lawford
movieId: GBo10  actor: Leon Isaac Kennedy
movieId: GBo10  actor: Muhammed Ali
movieId: GBo10  actor: Michael Gazzo
movieId: GBW10  actor: Matheson Lang
movieId: GBW10  actor: Anna Neagle
movieId: GC1  actor: Cyril Maude
movieId: GC1  actor: Phillips Holmes
movieId: GC1  actor: Paul Cavanagh
movieId: GC1  actor: Francis Dade
movieId: GC1  actor: Halliwell Hobbes
movieId: GC1  actor: Paul Lukas
movieId: GC3  actor: Fredric March
movieId: GC3  actor: Ina Claire
movieId: GC3  actor: Henrietta Crosman
movieId: GC3  actor: Frank Conroy
movieId: GC3  actor: Mary Brian
movieId: GC3  actor: Charles Starrett
movieId: GC4  actor: Tallulah Bankhead
movieId: GC4  actor: Clive Brook
movieId: GC4  actor: Phoebe Foster
movieId: GC4  actor: Alexander Kirkland
movieId: GC4  actor: Osgood Perkins
movieId: GC4  actor: Elizabeth Patterson
movieId: GC7  actor: Constance Bennett
movieId: GC7  actor: Lowell Sherman
movieId: GC7  actor: Neil Hamilton
movieId: GC7  actor: Gregory Ratoff
movieId: GC7  actor: Brooks Benedict
movieId: GC7  actor: Louise Beavers
movieId: GC7  actor: Eddie Anderson
movieId: GC8  actor: John Barrymore
movieId: GC8  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: GC8  actor: Billie Burke
movieId: GC8  actor: David Manners
movieId: GC8  actor: Bramwell Fletcher
movieId: GC8  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: GC8  actor: Paul Cavanagh
movieId: GC8  actor: Elizabeth Patterson
movieId: GC10  actor: Constance Bennett
movieId: GC10  actor: Violet KembleCooper
movieId: GC10  actor: Alan Mobray
movieId: GC10  actor: Gilbert Roland
movieId: GC10  actor: Phoebe Foster
movieId: GC10  actor: Charles Starrett
movieId: GC10  actor: Grant Mitchell
movieId: GC10  actor: Anita Louise
movieId: GC10  actor: Minor Watson
movieId: GC10  actor: Hugh Sinclair
movieId: GC11  actor: Marie Dressler
movieId: GC11  actor: Wallace Beery
movieId: GC11  actor: Jean Harlow
movieId: GC11  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: GC11  actor: John Barrymore
movieId: GC11  actor: Billie Burke
movieId: GC11  actor: Lee Tracy
movieId: GC11  actor: Edmund Lowe
movieId: GC11  actor: Madge Evans
movieId: GC11  actor: Jean Hersholt
movieId: GC11  actor: Karen Morley
movieId: GC11  actor: Louise Closser Hale
movieId: GC11  actor: Phillips Holmes
movieId: GC11  actor: May Robson
movieId: GC11  actor: Grant Mitchell
movieId: GC11  actor: Elizabeth Patterson
movieId: GC12  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: GC12  actor: Paul Lukas
movieId: GC12  actor: Jean Parker
movieId: GC12  actor: Frances Dee
movieId: GC12  actor: Joan Bennett
movieId: GC12  actor: Spring Byington
movieId: GC12  actor: Edna May Oliver
movieId: GC12  actor: Douglass Montgomery
movieId: GC12  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: GC12  actor: John Lodge
movieId: GC12  actor: Samuel S. Hinds
movieId: GC12  actor: Mabel Colcord
movieId: GC13  actor: Freddie Bartholomew
movieId: GC13  actor: Frank Lawton
movieId: GC13  actor: W.C. Fields
movieId: GC13  actor: Roland Young
movieId: GC13  actor: Edna May Oliver
movieId: GC13  actor: Lennox Pawle
movieId: GC13  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: GC13  actor: Violet Kemble Cooper
movieId: GC13  actor: Maureen OSullivan
movieId: GC13  actor: Madge Evans
movieId: GC13  actor: Elizabeth Allen
movieId: GC13  actor: Jessie Ralph
movieId: GC13  actor: Hugh Williams
movieId: GC13  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: GC13  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: GC13  actor: Herbert Mundin
movieId: GC13  actor: Elsa Lanchester
movieId: GC13  actor: Jean Cadell
movieId: GC13  actor: Una Oconnor
movieId: GC13  actor: John Buckler
movieId: GC13  actor: Hugh Walpole
movieId: GC13  actor: Arthur Treacher
movieId: GC14  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: GC14  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: GC14  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: GC14  actor: Brian Aherne
movieId: GC14  actor: Lennox Pawle
movieId: GC15  actor: Leslie Howard
movieId: GC15  actor: Norma Shearer
movieId: GC15  actor: John Barrymore
movieId: GC15  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: GC15  actor: Edna May Oliver
movieId: GC15  actor: Henry Kolker
movieId: GC15  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: GC15  actor: Violet KembleCooper
movieId: GC15  actor: Robert Warwick
movieId: GC15  actor: Virginia Hammond
movieId: GC15  actor: Reginald Denny
movieId: GC15  actor: Ralph Forbes
movieId: GC15  actor: Andy Devine
movieId: GC15  actor: Conway Tearle
movieId: GC16  actor: Greta Garbo
movieId: GC16  actor: Robert Taylor
movieId: GC16  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: GC16  actor: Henry Daniell
movieId: GC16  actor: Elizabeth Aallan
movieId: GC16  actor: Leonore Ulric
movieId: GC16  actor: Laura Hope Crews
movieId: GC16  actor: Rex OMalley
movieId: GC16  actor: Jessie Ralph
movieId: GC16  actor: E.E. Clive
movieId: GC17  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: GC17  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: GC17  actor: Edward Everett Horton
movieId: GC17  actor: Jean Dixon
movieId: GC17  actor: Lew Ayres
movieId: GC17  actor: Doris Nolan
movieId: GC17  actor: Henry Kolker
movieId: GC17  actor: Henry Daniell
movieId: GC17  actor: Binnie Barnes
movieId: GC19  actor: Norma Shearer
movieId: GC19  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: GC19  actor: Rosalind Russell
movieId: GC19  actor: Mary Boland
movieId: GC19  actor: Paulette Goddard
movieId: GC19  actor: Joan Fontaine
movieId: GC19  actor: Lucille Watson
movieId: GC19  actor: Phyllis Povah
movieId: GC19  actor: Florence Nash
movieId: GC19  actor: Virginia Weidler
movieId: GC19  actor: Ruth Hussey
movieId: GC19  actor: Marjorie Main
movieId: GC19  actor: Dennis Moore
movieId: GC19  actor: Hedda Hopper
movieId: GC20  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: GC20  actor: Fredric March
movieId: GC20  actor: Ruth Hussey
movieId: GC20  actor: John Carroll
movieId: GC20  actor: Rita Hayworth
movieId: GC20  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: GC20  actor: Bruce Cabot
movieId: GC20  actor: Rita Quigley
movieId: GC20  actor: Gloria deHaven
movieId: GC20  actor: Marjorie Main
movieId: GC20  actor: Constance Collier
movieId: GC21  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: GC21  actor: John Halliday
movieId: GC21  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: GC21  actor: James Stewart
movieId: GC21  actor: Ruth Hussey
movieId: GC21  actor: Roland Young
movieId: GC21  actor: John Howard
movieId: GC21  actor: Mary Nash
movieId: GC21  actor: Henry Daniell
movieId: GC21  actor: Virginia Weidler
movieId: GC21  actor: Hillary Brooke
movieId: GC22  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: GC22  actor: Melvyn Douglas
movieId: GC22  actor: Conrad Veidt
movieId: GC22  actor: Osa Massen
movieId: GC22  actor: Reginald Owen
movieId: GC22  actor: Albert Basserman
movieId: GC22  actor: Marjorie Main
movieId: GC22  actor: Donald Meek
movieId: GC22  actor: Connie Gilchrist
movieId: GC23  actor: Greta Garbo
movieId: GC23  actor: Greta Garbo
movieId: GC23  actor: Melvyn Douglas
movieId: GC23  actor: Constance Bennett
movieId: GC23  actor: Roland Young
movieId: GC23  actor: Robert Sterling
movieId: GC23  actor: Ruth Gordon
movieId: GC23  actor: George Cleveland
movieId: GC26  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: GC26  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: GC26  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: GC26  actor: May Whitty
movieId: GC26  actor: Barbara Everest
movieId: GC26  actor: Angela Lansbury
movieId: GC26  actor: Emil Rameon
movieId: GC26  actor: Edmund Breon
movieId: GC26  actor: Halliwell Hobbes
movieId: GC29  actor: Ronald Colman
movieId: GC29  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: GC29  actor: Signe Hasso
movieId: GC29  actor: Edmond OBrien
movieId: GC30  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: GC30  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: GC30  actor: Judy Holliday
movieId: GC30  actor: Tom Ewell
movieId: GC30  actor: Jean Hagen
movieId: GC30  actor: David Wayne
movieId: GC30  actor: Hope Emerson
movieId: GC30  actor: Polly Moran
movieId: GC30  actor: Clarence Kolb
movieId: GC31  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: GC31  actor: Deborah Kerr
movieId: GC31  actor: Ian Hunter
movieId: GC31  actor: James Donald
movieId: GC31  actor: Leueen McGrath
movieId: GC31  actor: Mervyn Johns
movieId: GC33  actor: Judy Holliday
movieId: GC33  actor: Broderick Crawford
movieId: GC33  actor: William Holden
movieId: GC33  actor: Howard StJohn
movieId: GC36  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: GC36  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: GC36  actor: Aldo Ray
movieId: GC36  actor: Jim Backus
movieId: GC36  actor: Phyllis Povah
movieId: GC36  actor: Chuck Connors
movieId: GC36  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: GC36  actor: Dan Budge
movieId: GC36  actor: Gussie Moran
movieId: GC36  actor: Babe Didrikson Zaharias
movieId: GC38  actor: Judy Holliday
movieId: GC38  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: GC38  actor: Peter Lawford
movieId: GC39  actor: Judy Garland
movieId: GC39  actor: James Mason
movieId: GC39  actor: Jack Carson
movieId: GC40  actor: Ava Gardner
movieId: GC40  actor: Bill Travers
movieId: GC40  actor: Stewart Granger
movieId: GC41  actor: Gene Kelly
movieId: GC41  actor: Kay Kendall
movieId: GC41  actor: Mitzi Gaynor
movieId: GC44  actor: Dirk Bogarde
movieId: GC44  actor: Capucine
movieId: GC44  actor: sa
movieId: GC44  actor: Genevieve Page
movieId: GC44  actor: Patricia Morrison
movieId: GC44  actor: Ivan Desny
movieId: GC44  actor: Marita Hunt
movieId: GC44  actor: Alex Davion
movieId: GC44  actor: Lyndon Brook
movieId: GC45  actor: Yves Montand
movieId: GC45  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: GC45  actor: Tony Randall
movieId: GC45  actor: Wilfrid Hyde White
movieId: GC45  actor: Frankie Vaughn
movieId: GC45  actor: David Burns
movieId: GC45  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: GC45  actor: Gene Kelly
movieId: GC45  actor: Milton Berle
movieId: GC47  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: GC47  actor: Dan Martin
movieId: GC47  actor: Cyd Charisse
movieId: GC48  actor: Audrey Hepburn
movieId: GC48  actor: Rex Harrison
movieId: GC48  actor: Stanley Holloway
movieId: GC48  actor: Wilfrid Hyde White
movieId: GC48  actor: Gladys Cooper
movieId: GC48  actor: Jeremy Brett
movieId: GC48  actor: Theodore Bikel
movieId: GC48  actor: Walter Burke
movieId: GC48  actor: Isobel Elsom
movieId: GC48  actor: Mona Washbourne
movieId: GC52  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: GC52  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: GC52  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: GC52  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: GC52  actor: Ava Gardner
movieId: GC52  actor: Cicely Tyson
movieId: GC52  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: GC52  actor: Harry Andrews
movieId: GC52  actor: Will Geer
movieId: GC52  actor: Mona Washbourne
movieId: GC52  actor: George Cole
movieId: GC54  actor: Candice Bergen
movieId: GC54  actor: Jacqueline Bisset
movieId: GC54  actor: David Selby
movieId: GC54  actor: Hart Bochner
movieId: GC54  actor: Michael Brandon
movieId: GC54  actor: Steven Hill
movieId: GC54  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: GCh10  actor: Dabney Coleman
movieId: GCh10  actor: Matt Frewer
movieId: GCh10  actor: Teri Garr
movieId: GCh10  actor: Barry Corbin
movieId: GCh10  actor: Joe Pantoliano
movieId: GCh10  actor: Xander Berkeley
movieId: GCh10  actor: Rob Roy
movieId: GCh20  actor: Woody Harrelson
movieId: GCh20  actor: Kiefer Sutherland
movieId: GCh20  actor: Dylan McDermott
movieId: GCh20  actor: Ernie Hudson
movieId: GCh23  actor: Stephen Baldwin
movieId: GCh23  actor: Gabrielle Anwar
movieId: GCh23  actor: Tom Conti
movieId: GCh23  actor: Chris Mulkey
movieId: GCh23  actor: Tony Plana
movieId: GCh23  actor: Joseph Dain
movieId: GCh23  actor: Kevin Connolly
movieId: GCh23  actor: Joe Dain
movieId: GCh23  actor: Chris Taaffe
movieId: GCh23  actor: Paul Abbott
movieId: GCh23  actor: Doug McKeon
movieId: GCl10  actor: Jack Palance
movieId: GCl10  actor: Martin Landau
movieId: GCl20  actor: Laura Herrring
movieId: GCl20  actor: Jeff James
movieId: GCl20  actor: Barbara Brighton
movieId: GCl20  actor: s a
movieId: GCl20  actor: Kid Creole and the Coconuts
movieId: GCl20  actor: s a
movieId: GCl20  actor: Angela Moya
movieId: GCl20  actor: Stan Lloyd Williams
movieId: GCo1  actor: Jose vanDam
movieId: GCo1  actor: Anne Roussel
movieId: GCo1  actor: Sylvie Fennec
movieId: GCo1  actor: Patrick Bauchau
movieId: GCo1  actor: John Leysen
movieId: GCo1  actor: s a
movieId: GCo1  actor: Philippe Volter
movieId: GCo1  actor: s a
movieId: GCS10  actor: George C. Scott
movieId: GCS10  actor: Richard Basehart
movieId: GCS10  actor: Martin Sheen
movieId: GCS10  actor: Barnard Hughes
movieId: GCS10  actor: Stephen Young
movieId: GCt20  actor: Betty Compson
movieId: GCt20  actor: Clive Brook
movieId: GCt20  actor: Henry Victor
movieId: GCt20  actor: Daisy Campbell
movieId: GCt20  actor: Olaf Hytten
movieId: GCt20  actor: A.B. Imenson
movieId: GCt21  actor: Betty Compson
movieId: GDa10  actor: Ed Flanders
movieId: GDa10  actor: Douglass Watson
movieId: GDa10  actor: Phillip Berrigan
movieId: GDa10  actor: William Schallert
movieId: GDG1  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: GDG1  actor: Olympia Dukakis
movieId: GDG1  actor: Ted Danson
movieId: GDG1  actor: Kathy Baker
movieId: GDG1  actor: E-than Hawke
movieId: GDG1  actor: Kevin Spacy
movieId: GDG1  actor: Zakes Mokae
movieId: GDo2  actor: Our Gang
movieId: GDo4  actor: Victor McLaglen
movieId: GDo4  actor: Patsy Kelly
movieId: GDo4  actor: Leonid Kinsky
movieId: GDo4  actor: Marjorie Woodsworth
movieId: GDo4  actor: Dennis OKeele
movieId: GDo4  actor: Zasu Pitts
movieId: GDo4  actor: George E. Stone
movieId: GDo18  actor: Eddie Cantor
movieId: GDo18  actor: Joan Davis
movieId: GDo18  actor: Allyn Joslyn
movieId: GDo18  actor: Bobby Driscoll
movieId: GDo18  actor: Charles Dingle
movieId: GDo23  actor: John Derek
movieId: GDo23  actor: Diana Lynn
movieId: GDo23  actor: George McReady
movieId: GDo23  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: GDo23  actor: Paul Cavanagh
movieId: GDo23  actor: Lowell Gilmore
movieId: GDo23  actor: Billy House
movieId: GDo32  actor: Guy Madison
movieId: GDo32  actor: Frank Lovejoy
movieId: GDo32  actor: Helen Westcott
movieId: GDo32  actor: Vera Miles
movieId: GDo32  actor: Dick Wesson
movieId: GDo37  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: GDo37  actor: James Whitmore
movieId: GDo37  actor: James Arness
movieId: GDo37  actor: Joan Weldon
movieId: GDo37  actor: Onslow Stevens
movieId: GDo37  actor: Fess Parker
movieId: GDo37  actor: Olin Howard
movieId: GDo37  actor: Sandy Desch
movieId: GDo37  actor: William Schallert
movieId: GDo37  actor: Dub Taylor
movieId: GDo37  actor: Leonard Nimoy
movieId: GDo39  actor: Alan Ladd
movieId: GDo39  actor: June Allyson
movieId: GDo39  actor: James Whitmore
movieId: GDo39  actor: Frank Faylen
movieId: GDo39  actor: Willis Bouchey
movieId: GDo39  actor: Robert Ellis
movieId: GDo49  actor: Karl Malden
movieId: GDo49  actor: Marsha Hunt
movieId: GDo49  actor: Natalie Wood
movieId: GDo49  actor: Efrem Zimbalist~jr
movieId: GDo49  actor: Don Kelly
movieId: GDo50  actor: Hugh OBrian
movieId: GDo50  actor: Robert Evans
movieId: GDo50  actor: Dolores Michaels
movieId: GDo50  actor: Linda Cristal
movieId: GDo71  actor: Carol Baker
movieId: GDo71  actor: Peter Lawford
movieId: GDo71  actor: Mike Connors
movieId: GDo71  actor: Red Buttons
movieId: GDo71  actor: Raf Vallone
movieId: GDo71  actor: Angela Lansbury
movieId: GDo71  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: GDo71  actor: Jack Kruschen
movieId: GDo74  actor: AnnMargret
movieId: GDo74  actor: Alex Cord
movieId: GDo74  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: GDo74  actor: Vam Heflin
movieId: GDo74  actor: Slim Pickins
movieId: GDo74  actor: Bob Cummings
movieId: GDo74  actor: Stefanie Powers
movieId: GDo74  actor: Michael Connors
movieId: GDo74  actor: Red Buttons
movieId: GDo74  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: GDo76  actor: James Coburn
movieId: GDo76  actor: Lee J. Cobb
movieId: GDo76  actor: Jean Hale
movieId: GDo76  actor: Yvonne Craig
movieId: GDo76  actor: Andrew Duggan
movieId: GDo78  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: GDo79  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: GDo79  actor: Lee Remick
movieId: GDo79  actor: Jacqueline Bisset
movieId: GDo79  actor: Ralph Meeker
movieId: GDo79  actor: Jack Klugman
movieId: GDo79  actor: Horace McMahon
movieId: GDo79  actor: Lloyd Bochner
movieId: GDo79  actor: William Windom
movieId: GDo79  actor: Tony Musante
movieId: GDo79  actor: Al Freeman~jr
movieId: GDo79  actor: Rober Duvall
movieId: GDo81  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: GDo83  actor: Sidney Poitier
movieId: GDo83  actor: Martin Landau
movieId: GDo83  actor: Barbara McNair
movieId: GDo92  actor: Evel Knievel
movieId: GDo92  actor: Gene Kelly
movieId: GDo92  actor: Red Buttons
movieId: GDo92  actor: Lauren Hutton
movieId: GDo92  actor: Frank Gifford
movieId: GDo92  actor: Cameron Mitchell
movieId: GdS2  actor: Silvana Mangano
movieId: GdS2  actor: Raf Vallone
movieId: GdS2  actor: Doris Dowling
movieId: GdS2  actor: Vittorio Gassman
movieId: GdT10  actor: Frederico Luppi
movieId: GdT10  actor: Claudio Brook
movieId: GdT10  actor: Ron Perlman
movieId: GdT14  actor: Mimi Sorvino
movieId: GdT14  actor: Jeremy Northam
movieId: GdT14  actor: Charles S. Dutton
movieId: GdT14  actor: Josh Brolin
movieId: GDu10  actor: Forrest Tucker
movieId: GDu10  actor: Gabe Andre
movieId: GeA10  actor: Alec Baldwin
movieId: GeA10  actor: Jennifer Jason Leigh
movieId: GeA10  actor: Fred Ward
movieId: GeA10  actor: Charles Napier
movieId: GeA30  actor: John Cusack
movieId: GeA30  actor: Joan Cusack
movieId: GeA30  actor: Alan Arkin
movieId: GeA30  actor: Minnie Driver
movieId: GeA30  actor: Dan Aykroyd
movieId: GeB3  actor: Arnold Schwarzenegger
movieId: GeB3  actor: Mike Katz
movieId: GeB3  actor: Franco Columbu
movieId: GeB3  actor: Louis Ferrigno
movieId: GeB10  actor: Robin Hurt
movieId: GeB10  actor: George Butler
movieId: GeB10  actor: Theodore Roosevelt
movieId: GeB10  actor: Tyssen Butler
movieId: GeE10  actor: Lorenzo Lamas
movieId: GeE10  actor: Kathleen Klemont
movieId: GeE10  actor: Anthony deLonghis
movieId: GeE10  actor: Clark Johnson
movieId: GeE10  actor: Stephen Mendel
movieId: GeE10  actor: Arne Olson
movieId: GeE10  actor: Jan Jacklin
movieId: GeE10  actor: Real Andrews
movieId: GeE10  actor: Ekkehard Anders
movieId: GeE10  actor: Charles Seixas
movieId: Gee10  actor: Suzanne Serano
movieId: GeE10  actor: John Walsh
movieId: GeE10  actor: Mike Mitchell
movieId: GeE10  actor: Isabelle Jamieson
movieId: GeE10  actor: Mike Ballew
movieId: GeH10  actor: Alison Eastwood
movieId: GeH10  actor: Stephen Baldwin
movieId: GeH10  actor: Neill Barry
movieId: GeH10  actor: Danny Nucci
movieId: GeH10  actor: George Newbern
movieId: GeK5  actor: Tod Slaughter
movieId: GeK5  actor: Bruce Seton
movieId: GeK5  actor: Eve Lister
movieId: GeK5  actor: Stella rho
movieId: GeK5  actor: Ben Soutten
movieId: GeK10  actor: Paul Lukas
movieId: GeK10  actor: Jane Baxter
movieId: GeK10  actor: Robert Douglas
movieId: GeK10  actor: Kay Walsh
movieId: GeK10  actor: Jerry Verno
movieId: GeK20  actor: John Clements
movieId: GeK20  actor: Greta Gynt
movieId: GeK20  actor: Hugh Sinclair
movieId: GeK20  actor: Judy Kelly
movieId: GeK20  actor: Godfrey Teale
movieId: GeK20  actor: Yvonne Arnaud
movieId: GeK20  actor: Bransby Williams
movieId: GeM2  actor: Mel Gibson
movieId: GeM2  actor: JoAnne Samuel
movieId: GeM2  actor: Tim Burns
movieId: GeM5  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: GeM5  actor: Jack Thompson
movieId: GeM5  actor: Tom Burlinson
movieId: GeM6  actor: Mel Gibson
movieId: GeM6  actor: Emile Minty
movieId: GeM15  actor: Mel Gibson
movieId: GeM15  actor: Tina Turner
movieId: GeM17  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: GeM17  actor: Cher
movieId: GeM17  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: GeM17  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: GeM17  actor: Keith Jochim
movieId: GeM17  actor: Veronica Cartwright
movieId: GeM17  actor: Carel Struyker
movieId: GeM17  actor: s a
movieId: GeM17  actor: Richard Jenkins
movieId: GeM24  actor: Zack OMaley Greenburg
movieId: GeM24  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: GeM24  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: GeM30  actor: John Cromwell
movieId: GeM30  actor: Madge Subanski
movieId: GeM30  actor: s a
movieId: GeM30  actor: s a
movieId: GeM30  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: GeM30  actor: Danny Mann
movieId: GeM30  actor: James Cosmo
movieId: GeM30  actor: Adam Goldberg
movieId: GeM30  actor: Roscoe Lee Brown
movieId: GeO10  actor: Joan Collins
movieId: GeO10  actor: Kenneth Haigh
movieId: GeO10  actor: Michael Coby
movieId: GeO10  actor: Ian Hendry
movieId: GeO10  actor: Carolyn Seymor
movieId: GeO10  actor: Sue Lloyd
movieId: GeO10  actor: Mark Burns
movieId: GeO10  actor: Pamela Salem
movieId: GeP10  actor: Margaret Rutherford
movieId: GeP10  actor: Charles tingwell
movieId: GeP10  actor: Muriel Pavlov
movieId: GeP10  actor: Arthur Kennedy
movieId: GeP10  actor: James Robertson Justice
movieId: GeP10  actor: Thorley Walters
movieId: GeP10  actor: Gerald Cross
movieId: GeP10  actor: Conrad Phillips
movieId: GeP15  actor: Margaret Rutherford
movieId: GeP15  actor: Margaret Rutherford
movieId: GeP15  actor: Ron Moody
movieId: GeP15  actor: Charles Tingwell
movieId: GeP15  actor: Andrew Cruickshank
movieId: GeP15  actor: Megs Jenkins
movieId: GeP15  actor: Ralph Michael
movieId: GeP18  actor: Margaret Rutherford
movieId: GeP40  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: GeP40  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: GeP40  actor: John Saxon
movieId: GeQ10  actor: Emilio Estevez
movieId: GeQ10  actor: William Shatner
movieId: GeQ10  actor: Samuel L. Jackson
movieId: GeQ10  actor: Kathy Ireland
movieId: GeQ10  actor: Tim Curry
movieId: GeR1  actor: Stella Stevens
movieId: GeR1  actor: Dick vanDyke
movieId: GeR1  actor: Paul Stewart
movieId: GeS15  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: GeS15  actor: Lloyd Corrigan
movieId: GeS15  actor: Joseph Allen~jr
movieId: GeS15  actor: Dorothy Lovett
movieId: GeS17  actor: Erich vonStroheim
movieId: GeS17  actor: Richard Arlen
movieId: GeS17  actor: Vera Hruba Ralston
movieId: GeS17  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: GeS17  actor: Billy Benedict
movieId: GeS27  actor: Richard Crane
movieId: GeS27  actor: Faye Marlowe
movieId: GeS27  actor: Martha Stewart
movieId: GeS27  actor: Ror Roberts
movieId: GeS27  actor: Henry Morgan
movieId: GeS29  actor: Jon Hall
movieId: GeS29  actor: Michael OShea
movieId: GeS29  actor: Evelyn Ankers
movieId: GeS29  actor: Julie Bishop
movieId: GeS29  actor: Buster Crabbe
movieId: GeW3  actor: Gene Wilder
movieId: GeW3  actor: Carol Kane
movieId: GeW3  actor: Dom DeLuise
movieId: GeW3  actor: Fritz Feld
movieId: GeW5  actor: Gene Wilder
movieId: GeW5  actor: Charles Grodin
movieId: GeW5  actor: Joseph Bologna
movieId: GeW5  actor: Judith Ivy
movieId: GeW5  actor: Gilda Radner
movieId: GeW5  actor: Kelly LeBrock
movieId: GeW5  actor: Michael Huddleston
movieId: GF60  actor: Ronald Colman
movieId: GF60  actor: Vilma Banky
movieId: GF60  actor: Wyndham Standing
movieId: GF70  actor: Agnes Ayres
movieId: GF90  actor: Coleen Moore
movieId: GF90  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: GF90  actor: Eugenie Besserer
movieId: GF90  actor: Burr McIntosh
movieId: GF90  actor: Arthur Lake
movieId: GF150  actor: Greta Garbo
movieId: GF150  actor: Ramon Novorro
movieId: GF150  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: GF150  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: GF150  actor: C.Henry Gordon
movieId: GF150  actor: Karen Morley
movieId: GF150  actor: Blanche Frederici
movieId: GF160  actor: Greta Garbo
movieId: GF160  actor: Melvyn Douglas
movieId: GF160  actor: Erich vonStroheim
movieId: GF160  actor: Owen Moore
movieId: GF160  actor: Hedda Hopper
movieId: GF160  actor: Rafael Ottiano
movieId: GF170  actor: Jean Harlow
movieId: GF170  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: GF170  actor: Franchot Tone
movieId: GF170  actor: Benita Hume
movieId: GF170  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: GF170  actor: Inez Courtney
movieId: GF170  actor: Reginald Mason
movieId: GF170  actor: Theodore VonEltz
movieId: GF170  actor: Una OConnor
movieId: GfD11  actor: Sandra Bullock
movieId: GfD11  actor: Nicole Kidman
movieId: GfD11  actor: Dianne Wiest
movieId: GfD11  actor: Stockard Channing
movieId: GfD11  actor: Aidan Quinn
movieId: GfD11  actor: s a
movieId: GfD11  actor: s a
movieId: GfD11  actor: s a
movieId: GfD11  actor: s a
movieId: GFi1  actor: John Cusack
movieId: GFi1  actor: Connie Stevens
movieId: GFi1  actor: Ti Robbins
movieId: GFi1  actor: Weird Al Jankovic
movieId: GFi2x  actor: Daniel Baldwin
movieId: GFi2  actor: Louis diBianco
movieId: GFi2  actor: Fran Dresher
movieId: GFi2  actor: David Johansen
movieId: GFi2  actor: John McGinley
movieId: GFi2  actor: Rosie ODonnell
movieId: GFi2  actor: Jeremy Piveb
movieId: GFi2  actor: Nipsy Russell
movieId: GFi2  actor: Tone Loc
movieId: GFj10  actor: Tom Tryon
movieId: GFj10  actor: Gloria Talbott
movieId: GFj10  actor: Ken Lynch
movieId: GFj10  actor: Maxie Rosenbloom
movieId: GFj15  actor: Michael Landon
movieId: GFj15  actor: Whit Bissell
movieId: GFj15  actor: s a
movieId: GFj15  actor: Yvonne Lime
movieId: GFj20  actor: Ed Platt
movieId: GFj20  actor: s a
movieId: GFj20  actor: s a
movieId: GFj20  actor: s a
movieId: GFl10  actor: Morgan Freeman
movieId: GFl10  actor: Ashley Judd
movieId: GFl10  actor: s a
movieId: GFr35  actor: Pierre Brasseur
movieId: GFr35  actor: Edith Scob
movieId: GFr35  actor: Alida Valli
movieId: GFr35  actor: Juliette Mayniel
movieId: GFr35  actor: Francois Guerin
movieId: GgA9  actor: Lucille Ball
movieId: GgA9  actor: Desi Arnaz
movieId: GgA9  actor: Richard Carlson
movieId: GgA9  actor: Ann Miller
movieId: GgA9  actor: Eddie Bracken
movieId: GgA9  actor: Frances Langford
movieId: GgA9  actor: Harry Shannon
movieId: GGC10  actor: Anette Benning
movieId: GGC10  actor: Warren Beatty
movieId: GGC10  actor: Garry Shandling
movieId: GGC10  actor: Chloe Webb
movieId: GGC10  actor: Pierce Brosnan
movieId: GGC10  actor: Kate Capshaw
movieId: GGC10  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: GGC14  actor: Jennifer Aniston
movieId: GGC14  actor: Kevin Bacon
movieId: GGC14  actor: s a
movieId: GGC14  actor: Illeana Douglas
movieId: GGC14  actor: Faith Prince
movieId: GGC14  actor: Anne Twomey
movieId: GGC14  actor: Kevin Dunn
movieId: GGC14  actor: Jay Mohr
movieId: GGC14  actor: Olympia Dukakis
movieId: GgD10  actor: The Beatles
movieId: GgE10  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: GgE10  actor: Eiji Okada
movieId: GgE10  actor: Sandra Church
movieId: GgE10  actor: Pat Hingle
movieId: GgE10  actor: Arthur Hill
movieId: GgE10  actor: Jocelyn Brando
movieId: GgE10  actor: Kukrit Pramoj
movieId: GGh10  actor: Shoba Sen
movieId: GGh10  actor: Utpal Dutt
movieId: GgL1  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: GgL1  actor: Donald Pleasence
movieId: GgL1  actor: Don Pedro Colley
movieId: GgL1  actor: Maggie McOmie
movieId: GgL1  actor: Johnny Weissmuller~jr
movieId: GgL2  actor: Richard Dreyfuss
movieId: GgL2  actor: Ron Howard
movieId: GgL2  actor: Cindy Williams
movieId: GgL2  actor: Paul LeMat
movieId: GgL2  actor: Charles Martin Smith
movieId: GgL2  actor: Bo Hopkins
movieId: GgL2  actor: Wolfman Jack
movieId: GgL2  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: GgL2  actor: Candy Clark
movieId: GgL2  actor: Mackenzie Philips
movieId: GgL2  actor: Cindy Williams
movieId: GgL2  actor: Suzanne Somers
movieId: GgL2  actor: Joe Spano
movieId: GgL2  actor: Kathleen Quinlan
movieId: GgL3  actor: Mark Hamill
movieId: GgL3  actor: Carrie Fisher
movieId: GgL3  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: GgL3  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: GgL3  actor: Peter Mayhew
movieId: GgL3  actor: Anthony Daniels
movieId: GgL3  actor: Kenny Baker
movieId: GgL3  actor: David Prowse
movieId: GgL3  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: GgL3  actor: James Earl Jones
movieId: GgL5  actor: Liam Neeson
movieId: GgL5  actor: Ewan McGregor
movieId: GgL5  actor: Natalie Portman
movieId: GgL5  actor: Jake Lloyd
movieId: GgL5  actor: Ian McDiarmid
movieId: GgL5  actor: Anthony Daniels
movieId: GgL5  actor: Kenny Baker
movieId: GgL5  actor: Pernilla August
movieId: GgL5  actor: Frank Oz
movieId: GgL6  actor: Hayden Christensenn
movieId: GgL6  actor: Natalie Portman
movieId: GgL6  actor: Ewan McGregor
movieId: GgL6  actor: Christpher Lee
movieId: GgL6  actor: Dexter Jettser
movieId: GGM10  actor: Armando Araiza
movieId: GGM10  actor: Patricial Riviera
movieId: GGr8  actor: Richard Attenborough
movieId: GGr8  actor: Pier Angeli
movieId: GGr8  actor: John Gregson
movieId: GGr8  actor: Eva Bartok
movieId: GGr8  actor: s a
movieId: GGr8  actor: Eddie Constantine
movieId: GGr8  actor: Jean Anderson
movieId: GGr18  actor: Deborah Raffin
movieId: GGr18  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: GGr18  actor: Alexis Smith
movieId: GGr18  actor: Melina mercouri
movieId: GGr18  actor: George Hamilton
movieId: GGr18  actor: David Jansen
movieId: GGr18  actor: Brenda Vaccaro
movieId: GgW10  actor: Russell Crowe
movieId: GgW10  actor: Daniel Pollock
movieId: GgW10  actor: Jacqueline McKenzie
movieId: GgW10  actor: s a
movieId: GGy10  actor: Samuel L. Jackson
movieId: GGy10  actor: Kevin Spacey
movieId: GGy10  actor: David Morse
movieId: GGy10  actor: Ron Rifkin
movieId: GGy10  actor: John Spencer
movieId: GGy10  actor: J.T. Walsh
movieId: GH3  actor: Alastair Sims
movieId: GH3  actor: Jane Wenham
movieId: GH3  actor: Arthur Young
movieId: GH3  actor: Olga Lindo
movieId: GH3  actor: Brian Worth
movieId: GH3  actor: Eileen Moore
movieId: GH3  actor: Bryan Forbes
movieId: GH8  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: GH8  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: GH8  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: GH8  actor: Eva leGallienne
movieId: GH8  actor: Janette Scott
movieId: GH8  actor: Harry Andrews
movieId: GH8  actor: Basil Sidney
movieId: GH12  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: GH12  actor: Honor Blackman
movieId: GH12  actor: Gert Frobe
movieId: GH12  actor: Shirley Eaton
movieId: GH12  actor: Tania Mallett
movieId: GH12  actor: Harold Sakata
movieId: GH12  actor: Martin Benson
movieId: GH12  actor: Austin Willis
movieId: GH12  actor: Bernard Lee
movieId: GH12  actor: Lois Maxwell
movieId: GH12  actor: Desmond Llewellyn
movieId: GH12  actor: Shirley Bassey
movieId: GH15  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: GH15  actor: Jill StJohn
movieId: GH15  actor: Charles Gray
movieId: GH15  actor: Lana Wood
movieId: GH15  actor: s a
movieId: GH15  actor: Jimmy Dean
movieId: GH15  actor: Bruce Cabot
movieId: GH15  actor: Lois Maxwell
movieId: GH15  actor: Desmond Llewellyn
movieId: GH16  actor: Roger Moore
movieId: GH16  actor: Yaphet Kotto
movieId: GH16  actor: Jane Seymour
movieId: GH16  actor: Clifton James
movieId: GH16  actor: sa
movieId: GH16  actor: David Hedison
movieId: GH16  actor: s a
movieId: GH16  actor: sa
movieId: GH16  actor: sa
movieId: GH16  actor: sa
movieId: GH16  actor: Lois Maxwell
movieId: GH16  actor: Bernard Lee
movieId: GH17  actor: Roger Moore
movieId: GH17  actor: Britt Ekland
movieId: GH17  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: GH17  actor: Maud Adams
movieId: GH17  actor: Clifton James
movieId: GH17  actor: Herve Villechaize
movieId: GH17  actor: Lulu
movieId: GH17  actor: Lois Maxwell
movieId: GH25  actor: Robert Shaw
movieId: GH25  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: GH25  actor: Edward Fox
movieId: GH25  actor: Barbara Bach
movieId: GH30  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: GH30  actor: Rock Hudson
movieId: GH30  actor: Angela Lansbury
movieId: GH30  actor: Tony Curtis
movieId: GH30  actor: Kim Novak
movieId: GH30  actor: Edward Fox
movieId: GH30  actor: Geraldine Chaplin
movieId: GH30  actor: Marella Oppenheim
movieId: GH30  actor: Charles Gray
movieId: GHa10  actor: Jena Malone
movieId: GHb10  actor: Richard Gere
movieId: GHb10  actor: Laura Linney
movieId: GHb10  actor: John Mohanney
movieId: GHb10  actor: Shaunessey s a
movieId: GHb10  actor: Alfre Wooodard
movieId: GHb10  actor: Frances McDormand
movieId: GHb10  actor: Richard Norton
movieId: GHb10  actor: Andy Braugher Bucher
movieId: GHb10  actor: Joe Spano
movieId: GHb10  actor: Stanley Anderson
movieId: GHb10  actor: s a
movieId: GHl7  actor: Chester Morris
movieId: GHl7  actor: Wallace Beery
movieId: GHl7  actor: Robert Montgomery
movieId: GHl7  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: GHl7  actor: Leila Hyams
movieId: GHl7  actor: George F. Marion
movieId: GHl7  actor: J.C. Nugent
movieId: GHl7  actor: Karl Dane
movieId: GHl9  actor: Wallace Beery
movieId: GHl9  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: GHl9  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: GHl9  actor: John Mack Brown
movieId: GHl9  actor: Jean Harlow
movieId: GHl9  actor: Paul Hurst
movieId: GHl9  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: GHl9  actor: John Miljan
movieId: GHl15  actor: Buster Crabbe
movieId: GHl15  actor: Jacqueline Wells
movieId: GHl15  actor: E.Alyn Warren
movieId: GHl15  actor: Edward Woiods
movieId: GHl15  actor: Mischa Auer
movieId: GHo10  actor: Father John Grosner
movieId: GHo10  actor: Alexander Gauge
movieId: GHo10  actor: David Ward
movieId: GHo10  actor: George Woodbridge
movieId: GHo10  actor: Basil Burton
movieId: GHo10  actor: Niall MacGinnis
movieId: GHo10  actor: Leo McKern
movieId: GiA10  actor: Sam Neill
movieId: GiA10  actor: Judy Davis
movieId: GiA10  actor: Wendy Hughes
movieId: GiA30  actor: Lisa Harrow
movieId: GiA30  actor: Bruno Ganz
movieId: GiA30  actor: Kerry Fox
movieId: GiA30  actor: Miranda Otto
movieId: GiA30  actor: Bill Hunter
movieId: GiA30  actor: Kiri Paramore
movieId: GiA32  actor: Winona Ryder
movieId: GiA32  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: GiA32  actor: Trini Alvorado
movieId: GiA32  actor: Claire Danes
movieId: GiA32  actor: Kirsten Dunst
movieId: GiA32  actor: Samantha Mathis
movieId: GiA32  actor: Christian Bale
movieId: GiA32  actor: Gabriel Byrne
movieId: GiA32  actor: Mary Wickes
movieId: GiA32  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: GiA35  actor: Ralph Fiennes
movieId: GiA35  actor: Cate Blanchett
movieId: GiA35  actor: Ciaran Hinds
movieId: GiB10  actor: Federico Fellini
movieId: GiC3  actor: Mwlvyn Dougls
movieId: GiC3  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: GiC3  actor: Dorothy Stickney
movieId: GiC3  actor: Estelle Parsons
movieId: GiC10  actor: George Segal
movieId: GiC10  actor: Natalie Wood
movieId: GiC10  actor: Richard Benjamin
movieId: GiC10  actor: Arlene Golonka
movieId: GiC10  actor: Arlene Arbus
movieId: GiC10  actor: Marilyn Sokol
movieId: GiC10  actor: Dom DeLuise
movieId: GiC10  actor: Valerie Harper
movieId: GiC10  actor: Helena Dryden
movieId: GiC10  actor: Sondra Currie
movieId: GiC12  actor: George Burns
movieId: GiC12  actor: Suzanne Pleshette
movieId: GiF10  actor: Vittorio deSica
movieId: GiF10  actor: Maria Mercader
movieId: GiF10  actor: Sabu
movieId: GiG10  actor: Glenn Ford
movieId: GiG10  actor: Stella Stevens
movieId: GiG10  actor: David Reynoso
movieId: GiG10  actor: Armando Silvestre
movieId: GiK1  actor: Girish Karnad
movieId: GiP10  actor: Yacef Saadi
movieId: GiP10  actor: Brahim Haggiag
movieId: GiP10  actor: Jean Martin
movieId: GiP10  actor: Tommaso Neri
movieId: GiP20  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: GiP20  actor: Evaristo Marquez
movieId: GiP20  actor: Renato Salvatori
movieId: GJo10  actor: Richard Dreyfuss
movieId: GJo10  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: GJo10  actor: Nancy Allen
movieId: GJo10  actor: s a
movieId: GJu1  actor: Larisa Oleynik
movieId: GJu1  actor: Larry Miller
movieId: GJu1  actor: Julia Stiles
movieId: GJu1  actor: Allison Janney
movieId: GJu1  actor: Daryl (Chill) Mitchell
movieId: GKc2  actor: Karen Black
movieId: GKc2  actor: Tom Berenger
movieId: GKc2  actor: Susan Strasberg
movieId: GKc2  actor: Helen Shaver
movieId: GKc4  actor: Marie-France Pisier
movieId: GKc4  actor: Marie-France Pisier
movieId: GKc4  actor: Timothy Dalton
movieId: GKc4  actor: Rutger Hauer
movieId: GKc4  actor: Karen Black
movieId: GKc4  actor: Brigitte Fossey
movieId: GKe1  actor: Gene Kelly
movieId: GKe1  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: GKe1  actor: Jules Munshin
movieId: GKe1  actor: VeraEllen
movieId: GKe1  actor: Betty Garrett
movieId: GKe1  actor: Ann Miller
movieId: GKe1  actor: Tom Dugan
movieId: GKe1  actor: Florence Bates
movieId: GKe1  actor: Alice Pearce
movieId: GKe2  actor: Gene Kelly
movieId: GKe2  actor: Donald OConnor
movieId: GKe2  actor: Debbie Reynolds
movieId: GKe2  actor: Millard Mitchell
movieId: GKe2  actor: Jean Hagen
movieId: GKe2  actor: Rita Moreno
movieId: GKe2  actor: Cyd Charisse
movieId: GKe2  actor: Douglas Fowley
movieId: GKe2  actor: Madge Blake
movieId: GKe3  actor: Gene Kelly
movieId: GKe4  actor: Gene Kelly
movieId: GKe6  actor: Jackie Gleason
movieId: GKe6  actor: Katherine Kath
movieId: GKe6  actor: Gabrielle Dorzat
movieId: GKe6  actor: Jean Lefebvre
movieId: GKe6  actor: Jaques Marin
movieId: GKe7  actor: Carl Reiner
movieId: GKe7  actor: Jayne Mansfield
movieId: GKe8  actor: Barbra Streisand
movieId: GKe8  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: GKe8  actor: Michael Crawford
movieId: GKe8  actor: Marianne McAndrews
movieId: GKe8  actor: E.J. Parker
movieId: GKe8  actor: Tommy Tune
movieId: GKe8  actor: David Hurst
movieId: GKe8  actor: Louis Armstrong
movieId: GKe8  actor: Richard Collier
movieId: GKe9  actor: James Stewart
movieId: GKe9  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: GKe9  actor: Shirley Jones
movieId: GKe9  actor: Elaine Devry
movieId: GKe9  actor: Robert J. Wilke
movieId: GKe9  actor: Sue Anne Langdon
movieId: GKe9  actor: Robert Middleton
movieId: GKe9  actor: Arch Johnson
movieId: GKe9  actor: Gene Kelly
movieId: GKS60  actor: Broncho Billy Anderson
movieId: GKS60  actor: Arthur Mackley
movieId: GKS60  actor: Brisnley Shaw
movieId: GKS60  actor: Frederick Church
movieId: GLa2  actor: Pierre Fresnay
movieId: GLa2  actor: Maria Dea
movieId: GLa2  actor: Bernard Blier
movieId: GLa10  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: GLa10  actor: Jean Gabin
movieId: GLC2  actor: W.C. Fields
movieId: GLC2  actor: Alice Joyce
movieId: GLC2  actor: Buddy Rogers
movieId: GLC3  actor: Mary Astor
movieId: GLC4  actor: Irene Dunne
movieId: GLC4  actor: Ricardo Cortez
movieId: GLC4  actor: Gregory Ratoff
movieId: GLC12  actor: Carole Lombard
movieId: GLC12  actor: William Powell
movieId: GLC12  actor: Alice Brady
movieId: GLC12  actor: Mischa Auer
movieId: GLC13  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: GLC13  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: GLC13  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: GLC13  actor: Gail Patrick
movieId: GLC13  actor: Andrea Leeds
movieId: GLC13  actor: Lucille Ball
movieId: GLC13  actor: Samuel B. Hinds
movieId: GLC13  actor: Jack Carson
movieId: GLC13  actor: Franklin Pangborn
movieId: GLC13  actor: Eve Arden
movieId: GLC15  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: GLC15  actor: Joel McCrea
movieId: GLC15  actor: Marjorie Rambeau
movieId: GLC15  actor: Henry Travers
movieId: GLC15  actor: Miles Mander
movieId: GLe10  actor: Jack Cassidy
movieId: GLe10  actor: Broderick Crawford
movieId: GLe10  actor: Peter Lawford
movieId: GLe10  actor: Corinne Calvert
movieId: GLe10  actor: Jackie Coogan
movieId: GLe10  actor: John Ireland
movieId: GlJ10  actor: Robert Foxworth
movieId: GlJ10  actor: Bo Svenson
movieId: GlJ10  actor: Susan Strasberg
movieId: GlJ10  actor: Robert Gentry
movieId: GlJ40  actor: Marsha Mason
movieId: GlJ40  actor: Kristy McNichol
movieId: GlJ40  actor: James Coco
movieId: GlJ40  actor: Joan Hackett
movieId: GlJ40  actor: David Dukes
movieId: GLJ44  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: GLJ44  actor: Zeljko Ivanek
movieId: GLJ44  actor: Charles Durning
movieId: GLJ44  actor: Louise Latham
movieId: GlJ50  actor: James Garner
movieId: GlJ50  actor: Leilani Ferrer
movieId: GlJ50  actor: Fred Dalton Thompson
movieId: GlJ50  actor: Joanna Cassidy
movieId: GlJ50  actor: Peter Riegert
movieId: GlJ50  actor: Jonathan Pryce
movieId: GlJ50  actor: s a
movieId: GlJ50  actor: Rita Wilson
movieId: GlJ60  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: GlJ60  actor: s a
movieId: GlJ60  actor: s a
movieId: GlJ60  actor: s a
movieId: GlJ60  actor: Sarah Bennett
movieId: GlJ60  actor: Kristin Griffith
movieId: GlJ60  actor: Rosemary D
movieId: GlJ60  actor: s a
movieId: GlJ60  actor: s a
movieId: GlJ60  actor: Tom Butler
movieId: GlJ60  actor: s a
movieId: GlJ60  actor: s a
movieId: GlJ60  actor: Betty Gerritt
movieId: GLm10  actor: Gerard Philipe
movieId: GLm10  actor: Edwige Feulliere
movieId: GLp15  actor: Bernard G\"otzke
movieId: GLp15  actor: Paul Bildt
movieId: GLp15  actor: Margarethe Kupfer
movieId: GLp15  actor: Rudolf Biebrach
movieId: GLp17  actor: Ralph Ludwig
movieId: GLp17  actor: Alfred Grosser
movieId: GLp17  actor: Bernard G\"otzke
movieId: GLp17  actor: Margarethe Kupfer
movieId: GLp17  actor: Margot Misch
movieId: GlR20  actor: Paolo Martens
movieId: GlS10  actor: Ermete Novelli
movieId: GlS10  actor: Olga Giannini Novelli
movieId: GlS10  actor: Francesca Bertini
movieId: GLt2  actor: Bernard Blier
movieId: GLt2  actor: Francis Blanche
movieId: GLt2  actor: Lino Ventura
movieId: GLt10  actor: Ugo Tognazzi
movieId: GLt10  actor: Michel Serrault
movieId: GLt20  actor: Patrick Bruel
movieId: GLt20  actor: Roger Jendly
movieId: GLt20  actor: Ingrid Hell
movieId: GLw10  actor: Annabel Chong
movieId: GLw10  actor: s a
movieId: GLw10  actor: s a
movieId: GLw10  actor: s a
movieId: GM190  actor: Kenny Baker
movieId: GM190  actor: Vera Zorina
movieId: GM190  actor: The Ritz~Brothers
movieId: GM190  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: GM190  actor: Edgar bergen
movieId: GM190  actor: Charlie McCarthy
movieId: GM190  actor: Helen Jepson
movieId: GM190  actor: Phil Baker
movieId: GM190  actor: Elfa Logan
movieId: GM190  actor: Bobby Clark
movieId: GM190  actor: Jerome Cowan
movieId: GM190  actor: Nydia Westman
movieId: GM190  actor: Andrea Leeds
movieId: GM200  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: GM200  actor: James Stewart
movieId: GM200  actor: Charles Winneger
movieId: GM200  actor: Mischa Auer
movieId: GM200  actor: Brian Donlevy
movieId: GM200  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: GM200  actor: Samuel S. Hinds
movieId: GM200  actor: Irene Hervey
movieId: GM200  actor: Billy Gilbert
movieId: GM200  actor: Warrem Hymer
movieId: GM200  actor: Jack Caron
movieId: GM210  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: GM210  actor: Paulette Goddard
movieId: GM210  actor: Paul Lukas
movieId: GM210  actor: Willie Best
movieId: GM210  actor: Richard Carlson
movieId: GM210  actor: Lloyd Corrigan
movieId: GM210  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: GM210  actor: Betty Hutton
movieId: GM222  actor: Veronica Lake
movieId: GM222  actor: Alan Ladd
movieId: GM223  actor: s a
movieId: GM223  actor: William Bendix
movieId: GM224  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: GM224  actor: Joan Caulfield
movieId: GM224  actor: Patric Knowles
movieId: GM224  actor: Marjorie Reynolds
movieId: GM224  actor: Cecil Kellaway
movieId: GM224  actor: Joseph Schildkraut
movieId: GM224  actor: Reginald Owen
movieId: GM224  actor: Constance Collier
movieId: GM224  actor: Hillary Brooke
movieId: GM224  actor: Douglass Dumbrille
movieId: GM224  actor: Mary Nash
movieId: GM225  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: GM226  actor: Betty Hutton
movieId: GM226  actor: Billy DeWolf
movieId: GM226  actor: William Demarest
movieId: GM227  actor: Mary Hatcher
movieId: GM227  actor: Olga SanJuan
movieId: GM227  actor: DeForrest Kelly
movieId: GM227  actor: Glen Tryon
movieId: GM227  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: GM227  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: GM227  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: GM227  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: GM227  actor: Alan Ladd
movieId: GM227  actor: Barbara Stanwyk
movieId: GM227  actor: Paulette Goddard
movieId: GM227  actor: Dorothy Lamour
movieId: GM227  actor: Veronica Lake
movieId: GM227  actor: Sonny Tufts
movieId: GM227  actor: Joan Caulfield
movieId: GM227  actor: William Holden
movieId: GM227  actor: Lizabeth Scott
movieId: GM227  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: GM227  actor: Gail Russell
movieId: GM227  actor: Diana Lynn
movieId: GM227  actor: Sterling Hayden
movieId: GM227  actor: Robert Preston
movieId: GM227  actor: William Bendix
movieId: GM227  actor: Barry Fitzgerald
movieId: GM227  actor: Billy deWolfe
movieId: GM227  actor: George Pal Puppetoons
movieId: GM227  actor: Cecil B. deMille
movieId: GM227  actor: Mitchell Leisen
movieId: GM227  actor: Goerge Marshall
movieId: GM227  actor: Spike Jones
movieId: GM227  actor: City Slickers
movieId: GM235  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: GM235  actor: Peter Hanson
movieId: GM237  actor: Tony Curtis
movieId: GM237  actor: Janet Leigh
movieId: GM237  actor: Torin Thatcher
movieId: GM237  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: GM237  actor: Angela Clarke
movieId: GM238  actor: Dean Martin
movieId: GM238  actor: Jerry Lewis
movieId: GM238  actor: Lizabeth Scott
movieId: GM238  actor: Carmen Miranda
movieId: GM238  actor: Dorothy Malone
movieId: GM238  actor: Tom Powers
movieId: GM238  actor: George Dolenz
movieId: GM238  actor: William Ching
movieId: GM238  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: GM238  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: GM240  actor: Guy Mitchell
movieId: GM240  actor: Rosemary Clooney
movieId: GM240  actor: Jack Carson
movieId: GM240  actor: Patricia Crowley
movieId: GM240  actor: Gene Barry
movieId: GM240  actor: Cass Daley
movieId: GM240  actor: Reginal Owen
movieId: GM240  actor: Buddy Ebsen
movieId: GM240  actor: Joanne Gilbett
movieId: GM240  actor: Frank Faylen
movieId: GM242  actor: Dean Martin
movieId: GM242  actor: Jerry Lewis
movieId: GM242  actor: Pat Crowley
movieId: GM242  actor: Richard Haydn
movieId: GM242  actor: Sheldon Leonard
movieId: GM300  actor: Mari Blanchard
movieId: GM300  actor: Mischa Auer
movieId: GM300  actor: Tom Mix
movieId: GM300  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: GM300  actor: Brian Donlevy
movieId: GM300  actor: Samuel Hinds
movieId: GM300  actor: Audie Murphy
movieId: GM300  actor: Thomas Mitchell
movieId: GM305  actor: Glenn Ford
movieId: GM305  actor: Debbie Reynolds
movieId: GM305  actor: Carl Reiner
movieId: GM305  actor: John McGiver
movieId: GM305  actor: Mabel Albertson
movieId: GM305  actor: Doro Merande
movieId: GM305  actor: Zasu Pitts
movieId: GM305  actor: Martin Landau
movieId: GM310  actor: Jackie Gleason
movieId: GM310  actor: Glynis Johns
movieId: GM310  actor: Charles Ruggles
movieId: GM310  actor: Charles Lane
movieId: GM310  actor: Laurel Goodwin
movieId: GM310  actor: Juanita Moore
movieId: GM310  actor: Elisha Cook~jr.
movieId: GM310  actor: Murray Hamilton
movieId: GMf20  actor: Fannie Ward
movieId: GMf20  actor: Jack Dean
movieId: GMf20  actor: Charles Clary
movieId: GMf20  actor: Jesse Arnold
movieId: GMf20  actor: Raymond Hatton
movieId: GMf40  actor: Ethel Clayton
movieId: GMf40  actor: Monte Blue
movieId: GMf50  actor: Agnes Ayres
movieId: GMf50  actor: Rudolph Valentino
movieId: GMf50  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: GMf50  actor: Walter Long
movieId: GMf50  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: GMf50  actor: Lucien Littlefield
movieId: GMf50  actor: Agnes Ayres
movieId: GMf60  actor: Carlos Villarias
movieId: GMf60  actor: Lupita Tovar
movieId: GMf70  actor: Percy Marmont
movieId: GMf70  actor: Jacqueline Logan
movieId: GMf70  actor: David Torrence
movieId: GMf70  actor: Sigrid Holmquist
movieId: GMf70  actor: Mabel vanburen
movieId: GMf70  actor: Luke Congrave
movieId: GMK10  actor: Robin Wright
movieId: GMK10  actor: Albert Finney
movieId: GMK10  actor: Aidan Quinn
movieId: GMK15  actor: Stephen Rea
movieId: GMK15  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: GMK15  actor: Stuart Townsend
movieId: GMK17  actor: Kate Winslett
movieId: GMK17  actor: Carrie Mullan
movieId: GMK17  actor: Bella Riza
movieId: GMK17  actor: s a
movieId: GMu9  actor: Bruno Lawrence
movieId: GMu9  actor: Alison Rutledge
movieId: GMu9  actor: Peter Smith
movieId: GMu15  actor: Emilio Estevez
movieId: GMu15  actor: William Petersen
movieId: GMu15  actor: Lou Diamond Phillips
movieId: GMu15  actor: Kiefer Sutherland
movieId: GMu15  actor: Christian Slater
movieId: GMu15  actor: ChristianBradley Whitford
movieId: GMu17  actor: Emilio Estevez
movieId: GMu17  actor: Mick Jagger
movieId: GMu17  actor: s a
movieId: GMu17  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: GMu17  actor: Rene Russo
movieId: GMu17  actor: Jonathan Banks
movieId: GMu17  actor: David Johansen
movieId: GMu17  actor: Amanda Plummer
movieId: GMu21  actor: Erik Stoltz
movieId: GMu21  actor: John Corbett
movieId: GMu21  actor: Josh Thornton
movieId: GMu21  actor: s a
movieId: GMu21  actor: Dwight Yoakam
movieId: GMu21  actor: Amanda Plummer
movieId: GMu21  actor: Peter Fonda
movieId: GMy20  actor: Ita Rina
movieId: GMy20  actor: Karel Schleichert
movieId: GMy20  actor: Olaf ford
movieId: GMy20  actor: Theo Pistek
movieId: GMy25  actor: Hedy Lamarr
movieId: GMy25  actor: Aribert Mog
movieId: GMy25  actor: Jaromir Rogoz
movieId: GMy25  actor: Leopold Kramer
movieId: GMy35  actor: Ruth Hussey
movieId: GMy35  actor: Tom Neal
movieId: GMy35  actor: Paul Kelly
movieId: GMy35  actor: William gargan
movieId: GMy35  actor: Paul Cavanagh
movieId: GMy35  actor: Samuel S. Hinds
movieId: GMy35  actor: Rita Johnson
movieId: GMy35  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: GMy45  actor: Nils Asther
movieId: GMy45  actor: John Loder
movieId: GMy45  actor: Jane Randolph
movieId: GMy45  actor: Karen Morley
movieId: GMy45  actor: Hugo Haas
movieId: GMy45  actor: Mauritz Hugo
movieId: GMx2  actor: Richard Mulligan
movieId: GMx2  actor: Hamilton Camp
movieId: GMx3  actor: Al Waxman
movieId: GMx3  actor: Sally Kellerman
movieId: GMx3  actor: Darlick Dempsey
movieId: GMx3  actor: Shannon Tweed
movieId: GMx3  actor: Maury Chaykin
movieId: GMx3  actor: Isabelle Mears
movieId: GMx3  actor: John Hawkins
movieId: GMx5  actor: Hal Holbrook
movieId: GMx5  actor: Van Johnson
movieId: GMx5  actor: William Shatner
movieId: GMx5  actor: Ava Gardner
movieId: GMx5  actor: Miguel Fernandez
movieId: GMx5  actor: Cindy Girling
movieId: GMx5  actor: Elizabeth Shepperd
movieId: GnA10  actor: Enrico LoVerso
movieId: GnA10  actor: Valentina Scalaci
movieId: GnA10  actor: Giuseppe Ieracitano
movieId: GnA10  actor: s a
movieId: GnA13  actor: s a
movieId: GNe5  actor: Barbara Harris
movieId: GNe5  actor: Jodie Foster
movieId: GNe5  actor: John Austin
movieId: GNe5  actor: Patsy Kelly
movieId: GNe5  actor: Dick vanPatten
movieId: GNe5  actor: Sorrell Brooke
movieId: GNj1  actor: Dawn ODay
movieId: GNj1  actor: Tom Brown
movieId: GNj1  actor: O.P. Heggie
movieId: GNj1  actor: Helen Westley
movieId: GNj1  actor: Sara Haden
movieId: GNj1  actor: Murray Kinnell
movieId: GNj1  actor: Gertrude Messenger
movieId: GNj1  actor: Charley Grapewin
movieId: GNj1  actor: Hilda Vaughn
movieId: GNj1  actor: June Preston
movieId: GNj1  actor: s a
movieId: GnN10  actor: John Agar
movieId: GnN10  actor: Paula Raymond
movieId: GnN10  actor: Joe Besser
movieId: GnN10  actor: Butch Patrick
movieId: GnN14  actor: Elvis Presley
movieId: GnN14  actor: Elvis Presley
movieId: GnN14  actor: Glenda Farrell
movieId: GnN14  actor: Jack Albertsob
movieId: GnN14  actor: Pamela Austin
movieId: GnN14  actor: Yvonne Craig
movieId: GnN15  actor: Elvis Presley
movieId: GnN15  actor: Mary Ann Mobley
movieId: GnN15  actor: Michael Ansara
movieId: GnN15  actor: Fran Jeffries
movieId: GnN15  actor: Jay Novello
movieId: GnN15  actor: Billy Barty
movieId: GnP10  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: GnP10  actor: John Cassavetes
movieId: GnP10  actor: Rossana Podesta
movieId: GnP10  actor: Beau Bridges
movieId: GnP10  actor: Daran James
movieId: GnP10  actor: Jack Klugman
movieId: GnP10  actor: James Olsen
movieId: GnP10  actor: Walter Pidgeon
movieId: GnP10  actor: Gena Rowlands
movieId: GNs10  actor: Maximilian Schell
movieId: GNs10  actor: Anthony Perkins
movieId: GNs10  actor: Yvette Mimieux
movieId: GNs10  actor: Joseph Bottoms
movieId: GNs10  actor: Ernest Borgnone
movieId: GoA10  actor: Alida Valli
movieId: GoA10  actor: Rossano Brazzi
movieId: GoG10  actor: Valentine Dyall
movieId: GoH10  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: GoH10  actor: Vivian nathan
movieId: GoH10  actor: O.z. Whitehead
movieId: GoH50  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: GoH50  actor: Alastair Williamson
movieId: GoH50  actor: Hillary Dwyer
movieId: GoH50  actor: Rupert Davies
movieId: GoH50  actor: Judy Geeson
movieId: GoH50  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: GoH50  actor: s a
movieId: GoH50  actor: Oh! Ogunde
movieId: GoH51  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: GoH51  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: GoH51  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: GoH51  actor: Michael Gothard
movieId: GoH51  actor: Alfred Marks
movieId: GoH51  actor: Anthony Newlands
movieId: GoH51  actor: David Lodge
movieId: GoH51  actor: Judy Huxtable
movieId: GoH51  actor: Amen Corner
movieId: GoH52  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: GoH52  actor: Elisabeth Bergner
movieId: GoH52  actor: Patrick Mower
movieId: GoH52  actor: Essy Persson
movieId: GoH52  actor: Sally Geeson
movieId: GoH52  actor: Hillary Dwyer
movieId: GoH52  actor: Hugh Griffith
movieId: GoH53  actor: Jason Robards~jr.
movieId: GoH53  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: GoH53  actor: Lilli Palmer
movieId: GoH53  actor: Adolfo Celi
movieId: GoH53  actor: Michael Dunn
movieId: GoH54  actor: John Phillip Law
movieId: GoH54  actor: Caroline Munro
movieId: GoH54  actor: Tom Baker
movieId: GoH54  actor: Douglas Wilmer
movieId: GoH54  actor: Gregoire Aslan
movieId: GOl1  actor: Ray Winstone
movieId: GOl1  actor: Kathe Burke
movieId: GOl1  actor: Charlie CreedMiles
movieId: GOl1  actor: Laila Morse
movieId: GOl1  actor: Edna Dore
movieId: GOl1  actor: s a
movieId: GoP12  actor: Robert Newton
movieId: GoP12  actor: John Howard Davies
movieId: GoP12  actor: Diane Wynyard
movieId: GoP12  actor: Francis deWolff
movieId: GoP12  actor: Kathleen Byron
movieId: GoP12  actor: Hermione Baddeley
movieId: GoP12  actor: Amy Veness
movieId: GoP12  actor: John Forrest
movieId: GOu20  actor: David Niven
movieId: GOu20  actor: JeanPaul Belmondo
movieId: GOu20  actor: Bourvil
movieId: GOu20  actor: Eli Wallach
movieId: GOu20  actor: Sylvia Monti
movieId: GOu20  actor: Raymond Gerome
movieId: GOu35  actor: JeanPaul Belmondo
movieId: GOu35  actor: s a
movieId: GOu35  actor: MarieFrance Pisier
movieId: GoJ20  actor: Maurizio Vega
movieId: GoJ20  actor: Aldo Parodi
movieId: GoJ20  actor: Patricio Riveadeneira
movieId: GoM10  actor: Dimitrje Vosnov
movieId: GoM10  actor: s a
movieId: GoM10  actor: s a
movieId: GoM10  actor: s a
movieId: GoM10  actor: Lazar Ristovski
movieId: GoM10  actor: sa
movieId: GP3  actor: Asta Nielsen
movieId: GP3  actor: Werner Krauss
movieId: GP3  actor: Greta Garbo
movieId: GP3  actor: Veleska Gert
movieId: GP3  actor: Agnes Esterhazy
movieId: GP7  actor: Louise Brooks
movieId: GP7  actor: Fritz Kortner
movieId: GP7  actor: Franz Lederer
movieId: GP7  actor: Alice Roberts
movieId: GP7  actor: Gustav Diessl
movieId: GP7  actor: Goetz
movieId: GP7  actor: Alid Robida
movieId: GP9  actor: Louise Brooks
movieId: GP9  actor: s a
movieId: GP9  actor: s a
movieId: GP13  actor: Lotte Lenya
movieId: GP13  actor: Rudolf Forster
movieId: GP13  actor: Fritz Rasp
movieId: GP13  actor: Caroline Neher
movieId: GP13  actor: Reinhold Schunzel
movieId: GP13  actor: Valeska Gert
movieId: GP13  actor: Ernst Busch
movieId: GP13  actor: Vladimir Sokoloff
movieId: GP14  actor: Alexander Granach
movieId: GP14  actor: Elizabeth Wendt
movieId: GP100  actor: Romy Schneider
movieId: GP100  actor: Alain Delon
movieId: GPa1  actor: Wendy Hiller
movieId: GPa1  actor: Rex Harrison
movieId: GPa1  actor: Robert Morley
movieId: GPa1  actor: Robert Newton
movieId: GPa1  actor: Marie Lohr
movieId: GPa1  actor: Sybil Thorndyke
movieId: GPa1  actor: Deborah Kerr
movieId: GPa1  actor: Marie Ault
movieId: GPa1  actor: Donald Calthrop
movieId: GPa2.  actor: Vivien Leigh
movieId: GPa2.  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: GPC5  actor: Sophia Loren
movieId: GPC5  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: GPC5  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: GPC5  actor: Martin Sheen
movieId: GPC5  actor: Ingrid Thulin
movieId: GPC5  actor: Lee Strasberg
movieId: GPC5  actor: Ava Gardner
movieId: GPC5  actor: John Phillip Law
movieId: GPC5  actor: Alida Valli
movieId: GPC5  actor: Lionel Stander
movieId: GPC5  actor: Ann Turkel
movieId: GPC5  actor: O.J. Simpson
movieId: GPC5  actor: Angela Lansbury
movieId: GPC10  actor: Roger Moore
movieId: GPC10  actor: David Niven
movieId: GPC10  actor: Telly Savalas
movieId: GPC10  actor: Claudia Cardinale
movieId: GPC10  actor: Richard Roundtree
movieId: GPC10  actor: Stefanie Powers
movieId: GPC10  actor: Sonny Bono
movieId: GPC10  actor: Elliott Gould
movieId: GPC10  actor: William Holden
movieId: GPC20  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: GPC20  actor: Richard Crenna
movieId: GPC20  actor: Charles Napier
movieId: GPC20  actor: Julia Nickson
movieId: GPC20  actor: Steven Berkoff
movieId: GPC23  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: GPC25  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: GPC29  actor: Kurt Russell
movieId: GPC29  actor: Val Kimer
movieId: GPC29  actor: s a
movieId: GPC29  actor: s a
movieId: GPC29  actor: Sam Elliott
movieId: GPC29  actor: Bill Paxton
movieId: GPC29  actor: Dana Delaney
movieId: GPC29  actor: s a
movieId: GPC32  actor: Charlie Sheen
movieId: GPC32  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: GPC32  actor: Linda Hamilton
movieId: GPe10  actor: George Hamilton
movieId: GPe10  actor: Horst Buchholz
movieId: GPe10  actor: Ann Duprey
movieId: GPe10  actor: Sam Wanamaker
movieId: GPe10  actor: Jean-Pierre Cassel
movieId: GPe10  actor: Capucine
movieId: GPi10  actor: Annie Girardot
movieId: GPi10  actor: Jean Yanne
movieId: GPi13  actor: Lino Ventura
movieId: GPi13  actor: Alain Delon
movieId: GPi13  actor: s a
movieId: GPk10  actor: Richard Roundtree
movieId: GPk10  actor: Moses Gunn
movieId: GPk10  actor: Charles Gioffi
movieId: GPk10  actor: Christopher StJohn
movieId: GPk10  actor: s a
movieId: GPk12  actor: Ron ONeal
movieId: GPk12  actor: Carl Lee
movieId: GPk12  actor: Julius W. Harris
movieId: GPk12  actor: Sheila Frazer
movieId: GPk14  actor: Richard Roundtree
movieId: GPk14  actor: Moses Gunn
movieId: GPk14  actor: Joseph Masgold
movieId: GPk14  actor: Rosalind Miles
movieId: GPk14  actor: Marilyn Hamlin
movieId: GPl10  actor: Rod Taylor
movieId: GPl10  actor: Alan Young
movieId: GPl10  actor: Yvette Mimieux
movieId: GPl10  actor: Sebastian Cabot
movieId: GPl10  actor: Tom Helmore
movieId: GPl10  actor: Whit Bissell
movieId: GPl10  actor: Doris Lloyd
movieId: GrA10  actor: Mike Dytri
movieId: GrA10  actor: Craig Gilmore
movieId: GrA10  actor: Paul Bartel
movieId: GrA10  actor: Mary Woronov
movieId: GrA10  actor: Darcy Marta
movieId: GrA10  actor: Johanna Went
movieId: GrB4  actor: Sam Neill
movieId: GrB4  actor: Don Gordon
movieId: GrB4  actor: Lisa Harrow
movieId: GrB4  actor: Rossano Brazzi
movieId: GrB10  actor: James Caan
movieId: GrB10  actor: Mandy Patinkin
movieId: GrB10  actor: Terence Stamp
movieId: GrB10  actor: Kevyn Major Howard
movieId: GrB10  actor: Leslie Bevis
movieId: GrB10  actor: Peter Jason
movieId: GrB10  actor: George Jeneky
movieId: GrB10  actor: Jeff Kober
movieId: GrB10  actor: Rober Aaron
movieId: GrB10  actor: Tony Simotes
movieId: GrC1  actor: Jessica Lange
movieId: GrC1  actor: Kim Stanley
movieId: GrC1  actor: Sam Shepard
movieId: GrC12  actor: Amy Irving
movieId: GrC12  actor: David Hemmimgs
movieId: GrC12  actor: Irena Cashen
movieId: GrC12  actor: Balthazar Getty
movieId: GrC12  actor: Cameron Milzer
movieId: GrC12  actor: Micole Mercurio
movieId: GrC12  actor: M.K. Harris
movieId: GrC12  actor: Olaf Pooley
movieId: GrD10  actor: Linda Lovelace
movieId: GrD10  actor: Harry Reems
movieId: GRt1  actor: Jason Fleming
movieId: GRt1  actor: Steve Markin
movieId: GRt1  actor: s a
movieId: GRt1  actor: Stephen Marcus
movieId: GRt1  actor: Sting
movieId: GyR10  actor: Tobey Maguire
movieId: GyR10  actor: Reese Witherspoon
movieId: GyR10  actor: Jeff Daniels
movieId: GyR10  actor: Don Knotts
movieId: GyR10  actor: Joan Allen
movieId: GyR10  actor: William H. Macy
movieId: GyR10  actor: J.T. Walsh
movieId: GRH1  actor: Tony Francioso
movieId: GRH1  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: GRH1  actor: Jim Hutton
movieId: GRH1  actor: Lois Nettleton
movieId: GRH2  actor: Geraldine Page
movieId: GRH2  actor: Wendy Hiller
movieId: GRH2  actor: Dean Martin
movieId: GRH2  actor: Yvette Mimieux
movieId: GRH2  actor: Gene Tierney
movieId: GRH3  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: GRH3  actor: Tippy Walker
movieId: GRH3  actor: Merrie Spaeth
movieId: GRH3  actor: Paula Prentiss
movieId: GRH3  actor: Angela Lansbury
movieId: GRH3  actor: Phyllis Thaxter
movieId: GRH3  actor: Tom Bosley
movieId: GRH3  actor: Bibi Osterwald
movieId: GRH4  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: GRH4  actor: Julie Andrews
movieId: GRH4  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: GRH4  actor: Jocelyn laGarde
movieId: GRH4  actor: Carroll OConnor
movieId: GRH4  actor: Torin Thatcher
movieId: GRH4  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: GRH5  actor: Julie Andrews
movieId: GRH5  actor: Philip Ahn
movieId: GRH5  actor: Mary Tyler Moore
movieId: GRH5  actor: John Gavin
movieId: GRH5  actor: James Fox
movieId: GRH5  actor: Carol Channing
movieId: GRH5  actor: s a
movieId: GRH5  actor: Beatrice Lillie
movieId: GRH5  actor: Jack Soo
movieId: GRH5  actor: Harold Lloyd
movieId: GRH5  actor: Pat Morita
movieId: GRH5  actor: Anthony Dexter
movieId: GRH6  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: GRH6  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: GRH6  actor: Katharine Ross
movieId: GRH6  actor: Cloris Leachman
movieId: GRH6  actor: Jeff Corey
movieId: GRH6  actor: Strother Martin
movieId: GRH6  actor: Henry Jones
movieId: GRH6  actor: Ted Cassidy
movieId: GRH6  actor: Kennth Mars
movieId: GRH7  actor: Michael Sacks
movieId: GRH7  actor: Valerie Perrine
movieId: GRH7  actor: Ron Leibman
movieId: GRH7  actor: Eugene Roche
movieId: GRH8  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: GRH8  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: GRH8  actor: Robert Shaw
movieId: GRH8  actor: Charles Durning
movieId: GRH8  actor: Ray Walston
movieId: GRH8  actor: Eileen Brennan
movieId: GRH8  actor: Harold Gould
movieId: GRH9  actor: Robert Reford
movieId: GRH9  actor: Bo Svenson
movieId: GRH9  actor: Bo Brundin
movieId: GRH9  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: GRH9  actor: Geoffrey Lewis
movieId: GRH9  actor: Margot Kidder
movieId: GRH9  actor: Bhilip Buruns
movieId: GRH9  actor: Edward Herrmann
movieId: GRH10  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: GRH10  actor: Michael Ontkean
movieId: GRH10  actor: Melinda Dillon
movieId: GRH10  actor: Ned Dowd
movieId: GRH10  actor: Allan Nicholls
movieId: GRH10  actor: Yvon Barrette
movieId: GRH10  actor: Jennifer Warren
movieId: GRH10  actor: Lindsay Crouse
movieId: GRH10  actor: s a
movieId: GRH11  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: GRH11  actor: Diane Lane
movieId: GRH11  actor: Thelonius Bernard
movieId: GRH11  actor: Arthur Hill
movieId: GRH11  actor: Sally Kellerman
movieId: GRH11  actor: Broderick Crawford
movieId: GRH11  actor: David Dukes
movieId: GRH12  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: GRH12  actor: Mary Beth Hurt
movieId: GRH12  actor: Glenn Close
movieId: GRH12  actor: John Lithgow
movieId: GRH20  actor: Diane Keaton
movieId: GRH20  actor: Klaus Kinski
movieId: GRH20  actor: Yorgo Voyagis
movieId: GRH20  actor: Sami Frey
movieId: GRi10  actor: Italia AlmiranteManzini
movieId: GRi10  actor: Annibale Betrone
movieId: GRi10  actor: Alfonso Cassini
movieId: GRi10  actor: Franz Sala
movieId: GRi50  actor: Vittorio deSica
movieId: GRi50  actor: Anna Magnani
movieId: GrM10  actor: Hope Davis
movieId: GrM10  actor: Stanley Tucci
movieId: GrM10  actor: Anna Mears
movieId: GrM10  actor: Pat McNamara
movieId: GrM10  actor: Liev Schreiber
movieId: GrM10  actor: Parker Posey
movieId: GrN10  actor: Jennifer Lopez
movieId: GrN10  actor: Beccky Lee Meza
movieId: GrN10  actor: Edward James Olmos
movieId: GrN10  actor: Jon Seda
movieId: GrN10  actor: Constance Marie
movieId: GrN10  actor: Lupe Ontiveros
movieId: GrN10  actor: Seidea Lopez
movieId: GRo1  actor: Judith ODea
movieId: GRo1  actor: Russel Streiner
movieId: GRo1  actor: Duane Jones
movieId: GRo1  actor: Karl Hardman
movieId: GRo1  actor: Marilyn Eastman
movieId: GRo1  actor: Judith Ridley
movieId: GRo1  actor: Keith Wayne
movieId: GRo1  actor: Kyra Schon
movieId: GRo7  actor: Lynn Lowry
movieId: GRo12  actor: John Amplas
movieId: GRo18  actor: Ed Harris
movieId: GRo18  actor: Gary Lahti
movieId: GRo18  actor: Tom Savini
movieId: GRo18  actor: Amy Ingersoll
movieId: GRo20  actor: Hal Holbrook
movieId: GRo20  actor: Adrienne Barbeau
movieId: GRo20  actor: Leslie Nielsen
movieId: GRo20  actor: Fritz Weaver
movieId: GRo20  actor: Stephen King
movieId: GRo20  actor: E.G. Marshall
movieId: GRo35  actor: Timothy Hutton
movieId: GRo35  actor: Timothy Hutton
movieId: GRo35  actor: Amy Madigan
movieId: GRo35  actor: Michael Rooker
movieId: GRo35  actor: Julie Harris
movieId: GRo35  actor: Robert Joy
movieId: GrR1  actor: George Sanders
movieId: GrR1  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: GrR1  actor: Dolores delRio
movieId: GrR1  actor: Joseph Schildkraut
movieId: GrR1  actor: Virginia Field
movieId: GrR1  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: GrR1  actor: Fritz Feld
movieId: GrR3  actor: Leslie Howard
movieId: GrR3  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: GrR3  actor: John Halliday
movieId: GrR3  actor: Edna Best
movieId: GrR3  actor: Cecil Callaway
movieId: GrR3  actor: Ann Todd
movieId: GrR3  actor: Douglas Scott
movieId: GrR3  actor: Gosta Eckman~sr.
movieId: GrR5  actor: Tyrone Power
movieId: GrR5  actor: Linda Darnell
movieId: GrR5  actor: Warren William
movieId: GrR5  actor: Binnie Barnes
movieId: GrR5  actor: Wendy Barrie
movieId: GrR5  actor: Joan Davis
movieId: GrR5  actor: Leonid Kinsky
movieId: GrR6  actor: Alice Faye
movieId: GrR6  actor: Tyrone Power
movieId: GrR6  actor: Al Jolson
movieId: GrR6  actor: Hobart Cavanaugh
movieId: GrR6  actor: William Frawley
movieId: GrR6  actor: Joyce Compton
movieId: GrR6  actor: Louis Prima
movieId: GrR7  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: GrR7  actor: Warner Baxter
movieId: GrR7  actor: Binnie Barnes
movieId: GrR7  actor: Cesar Romero
movieId: GrR7  actor: George Barbier
movieId: GrR7  actor: J.Edward Bromberg
movieId: GrR7  actor: Eugene Palette
movieId: GrR7  actor: Helen Westley
movieId: GrR10  actor: Vera Zorina
movieId: GrR10  actor: Erich VonStroheim
movieId: GrR10  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: GrR10  actor: Richard Greene
movieId: GrR10  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: GrR10  actor: Fritz Feld
movieId: GrR10  actor: Cora Witherspoon
movieId: GrR12  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: GrR12  actor: Warner Baxter
movieId: GrR12  actor: Susan Hatward
movieId: GrR12  actor: Richard Denning
movieId: GrR12  actor: Fay Wray
movieId: GrR15  actor: Dick Haymes
movieId: GrR15  actor: June Haver
movieId: GrR15  actor: Monty Woolley
movieId: GrR15  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: GrR15  actor: Beverly Whitney
movieId: GrR15  actor: Maxie Rosenbloom
movieId: GrR15  actor: Veda Ann Borg
movieId: GrR15  actor: Clarence Kolb
movieId: GrR15  actor: Minerva Urecal
movieId: GrR22  actor: Nancy Guild
movieId: GrR30  actor: George Ratoff
movieId: GRv10  actor: s a
movieId: GRv10  actor: s a
movieId: GRv10  actor: s a
movieId: GRv10  actor: s a
movieId: GS3  actor: Maureen OHara
movieId: GS3  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: GS3  actor: Natalie Wood
movieId: GS3  actor: John Payne
movieId: GS3  actor: Gene Lockhart
movieId: GS3  actor: Porter Hall
movieId: GS3  actor: William Frawley
movieId: GS3  actor: Jerome Cowan
movieId: GS3  actor: Thelma Ritter
movieId: GS6  actor: Clifton Webb
movieId: GS6  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: GS6  actor: Bob Cummings
movieId: GS6  actor: Joan Bennett
movieId: GS6  actor: Joan Blondell
movieId: GS6  actor: Gigi Perreau
movieId: GS6  actor: Jack LaRue
movieId: GS7  actor: Montgomery Clift
movieId: GS7  actor: Paul Douglas
movieId: GS7  actor: Cornell Borchers
movieId: GS7  actor: O.E. Hasse
movieId: GS7  actor: Bruni Lobel
movieId: GS9  actor: Grace Kelly
movieId: GS9  actor: William Holden
movieId: GS9  actor: Grace Kelly
movieId: GS14  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: GS14  actor: Doris Day
movieId: GS14  actor: Gig Young
movieId: GS14  actor: Mamie van Doren
movieId: GS14  actor: Nick Adams
movieId: GS14  actor: Reilly
movieId: GS14  actor: s a
movieId: GS14  actor: s a
movieId: GS14  actor: s a
movieId: GS14  actor: s a
movieId: GS14  actor: s a
movieId: GS16  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: GS16  actor: Dean Martin
movieId: GS16  actor: Jean Seberg
movieId: GS16  actor: Helen Hayes
movieId: GS16  actor: Van Heflin
movieId: GS16  actor: Jacqueline Bisset
movieId: GS16  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: GS16  actor: Maureen Stapleton
movieId: GS16  actor: Barry Nelson
movieId: GS16  actor: Dana Wynter
movieId: GS16  actor: Jessie Royce Landis
movieId: GS16  actor: Barbara Hale
movieId: GS16  actor: Lloyd Nolan
movieId: GS16  actor: Peter Turgeon
movieId: GS16  actor: Robert Patten
movieId: GS16  actor: Larry Gates
movieId: GSa10  actor: Vanna Barba
movieId: GSa10  actor: Claudio Bigagli
movieId: GSa10  actor: s a
movieId: GSc1  actor: Maurce Evans
movieId: GSc1  actor: Judith Anderson
movieId: GSc1  actor: Ian Bannen
movieId: GSc1  actor: Jeremy Brett
movieId: GSc1  actor: Charles Carson
movieId: GSc1  actor: Michael Hordern
movieId: GSc1  actor: Brewster Mason
movieId: GSc1  actor: George Rose
movieId: GSc1  actor: Malco Keen
movieId: GSc2  actor: Julie Harris
movieId: GSc2  actor: Hume Cronyn
movieId: GSc2  actor: Jason Robards~sr.
movieId: GSc2  actor: Maggie King
movieId: GSc2  actor: Christopher Plummer
movieId: GSc2  actor: Eileen Heckart
movieId: GSc2  actor: Richard Thomas
movieId: GSc3  actor: Julie Harris
movieId: GSc3  actor: Pamela Brown
movieId: GSc3  actor: Felix Aylmer
movieId: GSc3  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: GSc3  actor: James Donald
movieId: GSc4  actor: Richard Burton
movieId: GSc4  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: GSc4  actor: Tom Poston
movieId: GSc4  actor: Liam Redmond
movieId: GSc4  actor: Lee Remick
movieId: GSc4  actor: Maurice Evans
movieId: GSc5  actor: Trevor Howard
movieId: GSc5  actor: Greer Garson
movieId: GSc5  actor: Hurd Hatfield
movieId: GSc5  actor: Kate Reid
movieId: GSc6  actor: Julie Harris
movieId: GSc6  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: GSc6  actor: Kate Reid
movieId: GSc6  actor: Torin Thatcher
movieId: GSc8  actor: Geraldine Page
movieId: GSc8  actor: Anthony Quayle
movieId: GSc8  actor: Peter Ustinov
movieId: GSc10  actor: Judith Anderson
movieId: GSc10  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: GSc14  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: GSc14  actor: Dyan Cannon
movieId: GSc14  actor: John Colicos
movieId: GSc14  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: GSc14  actor: Carroll OConnor
movieId: GSc14  actor: Cara Williams
movieId: GSc14  actor: Marian McCargo
movieId: GSc14  actor: Diana Sands
movieId: GSc14  actor: Kristina Holland
movieId: GSc17  actor: Richard Chamberlain
movieId: GSc17  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: GSc17  actor: Blythe Danner
movieId: GSc17  actor: Richard Hatch
movieId: GSc17  actor: Brooke Adams
movieId: GSc17  actor: James Naughton
movieId: GSc17  actor: David Huffman
movieId: GSc17  actor: Ernest Thompson
movieId: GSc19  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: GSc19  actor: James Stewart
movieId: GSc19  actor: Melinda Dillon
movieId: GSc19  actor: John Harkins
movieId: GSc19  actor: Priscilla Morrill
movieId: GSc19  actor: Louis Schaefer
movieId: GSc20  actor: Jane Wyatt
movieId: GSc20  actor: Cathy Burns
movieId: GSc20  actor: Susan Clark
movieId: GSc20  actor: Susan Oliver
movieId: GSc20  actor: Charles Aidman
movieId: GSc20  actor: John Forsythe
movieId: GSc20  actor: Stephen Macht
movieId: GSi10  actor: Gary Sinisi
movieId: GSi10  actor: John Malkovich
movieId: GSi10  actor: Tommy Smothers
movieId: GSi10  actor: Joe Morton
movieId: GSi10  actor: Casey Siemaszko
movieId: GSi10  actor: Sherilyn Fenn
movieId: GSi10  actor: Alexis Arquette
movieId: GSi10  actor: John Terry
movieId: GSi10  actor: Tick Hellings
movieId: GSj1  actor: Norman Lloyd
movieId: GSj1  actor: Read Morgan
movieId: GSj1  actor: Arch Johnson
movieId: GSj1  actor: Robert Armstrong
movieId: GSj1  actor: Clegg Hoyt
movieId: GSj2  actor: Eileen Heckart
movieId: GSj2  actor: Don DeFore
movieId: GSj2  actor: Madge Kennedy
movieId: GSj2  actor: Gail Bonney
movieId: GSj2  actor: Robert Kasner
movieId: GSj2  actor: Arthur Malet
movieId: GSj2  actor: Jesslyn Fox
movieId: GSK1  actor: William Powell
movieId: GSK1  actor: Ella Raines
movieId: GSK1  actor: Peter Lind Hayes
movieId: GSK1  actor: Hans Conried
movieId: GSK1  actor: Allan Jenkins
movieId: GSK1  actor: Arleen Whelan
movieId: GSK1  actor: Ray Collins
movieId: GSK1  actor: Norma Varden
movieId: GSK1  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: GSn6  actor: Mark Frankel
movieId: GSn6  actor: Amanda Pays
movieId: GSn6  actor: Maryam dAbo
movieId: GSn6  actor: Jason Isaccs
movieId: GSn6  actor: s a
movieId: GSn6  actor: Anette Croserie
movieId: GSn6  actor: Helen Lederer
movieId: GSn6  actor: Roshan Seth
movieId: GSn10  actor: Chris ODonnell
movieId: GSn10  actor: Renee Zellweger
movieId: GSn10  actor: Artie Lang
movieId: GSn10  actor: Mary Shelton
movieId: GSn10  actor: Hal Holbrook
movieId: GSn10  actor: Gary Cromwell
movieId: GSn10  actor: Ed Asner
movieId: GSn10  actor: s a
movieId: GSn10  actor: Brooke Shields
movieId: GSn10  actor: s a
movieId: GSn10  actor: s a
movieId: GSn10  actor: Marsha Feher
movieId: GSn10  actor: s a
movieId: GSn10  actor: s a
movieId: GSn10  actor: s a
movieId: GSn10  actor: s a
movieId: GSsl  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: GSsl  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: GSsl  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: GSsl  actor: Mildred Natwick
movieId: GSs2  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: GSs2  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: GSs3  actor: Goldie Hawn
movieId: GSs3  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: GSs3  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: GSs3  actor: Jack Weston
movieId: GSs3  actor: Rick Lenz
movieId: GSs3  actor: Vito Scotti
movieId: GSs3  actor: Irene Hervey
movieId: GSl10  actor: Johanna TerSteege
movieId: GSl10  actor: Gene Bervoets
movieId: GSl10  actor: BernardPierre Donnadieu
movieId: GSl12  actor: Sandra Bullock
movieId: GSl12  actor: Kiefer Sutherland
movieId: GSl12  actor: Jeff Bridges
movieId: GSl12  actor: Nancy Travis
movieId: GSl12  actor: Lisa Eichman
movieId: GSl12  actor: Nancy Taw
movieId: GSr10  actor: Phyllis Diller
movieId: GSr10  actor: Whoopi Goldberg
movieId: GSr10  actor: Jenny Jones
movieId: GSr10  actor: Maxine Lapiduss
movieId: GSr10  actor: Ellen DeGeneres
movieId: GSr10  actor: Sandra Shamas
movieId: GSr10  actor: Joy Behar
movieId: GSr10  actor: Lotus Weinstock
movieId: GSt2  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: GSt2  actor: Fred MacMurray
movieId: GSt2  actor: Evelyn Venable
movieId: GSt2  actor: Frank Albertson
movieId: GSt2  actor: Fred Stone
movieId: GSt2  actor: Ann Shoemaker
movieId: GSt2  actor: Charles Grapwin
movieId: GSt2  actor: Grady Sutton
movieId: GSt2  actor: Hedda Hopper
movieId: GSt3  actor: Barbara Stanwyk
movieId: GSt3  actor: Preston Foster
movieId: GSt3  actor: Moroni Olsen
movieId: GSt3  actor: Chief Thander Bird
movieId: GSt3  actor: Melvyn Douglas
movieId: GSt3  actor: Pert Kelton
movieId: GSt3  actor: Andy Clyde
movieId: GSt3  actor: Bert Wheeler
movieId: GSt3  actor: Robert Woolsey
movieId: GSt3  actor: Betty Grable
movieId: GSt3  actor: Evelyn Brent
movieId: GSt3  actor: Fred Keating
movieId: GSt4  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: GSt4  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: GSt4  actor: Victor Moore
movieId: GSt4  actor: Helen Broderick
movieId: GSt4  actor: Eric Blore
movieId: GSt4  actor: Betty Furness
movieId: GSt4  actor: George Metaxa
movieId: GSt5  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: GSt5  actor: George Burns
movieId: GSt5  actor: Gracie Allen
movieId: GSt5  actor: Joan Fountaine
movieId: GSt5  actor: Reginal Gardiner
movieId: GSt5  actor: Constance Collier
movieId: GSt5  actor: Ray Noble
movieId: GSt5  actor: Montagu Love
movieId: GSt7  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: GSt7  actor: James Stewart
movieId: GSt7  actor: Charles Coburn
movieId: GSt7  actor: Beulah Bondi
movieId: GSt7  actor: James Ellison
movieId: GSt7  actor: Frances Mercer
movieId: GSt7  actor: Franklin Panghorn
movieId: GSt7  actor: Grady Sutton
movieId: GSt7  actor: Jack Carson
movieId: GSt7  actor: Willie Best
movieId: GSt7  actor: Maude Eburne
movieId: GSt8  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: GSt8  actor: Victor McLaglen
movieId: GSt8  actor: Douglas Fairbanks~jr
movieId: GSt8  actor: Sam Jaffe
movieId: GSt8  actor: Eduardo Cianelli
movieId: GSt8  actor: Joan Fontaine
movieId: GSt8  actor: Montagu Love
movieId: GSt8  actor: Robert Coote
movieId: GSt8  actor: Cecil Kellaway
movieId: GSt8  actor: Abner Biberman
movieId: GSt8  actor: Lumsden Hare
movieId: GSt9  actor: Carole Lombard
movieId: GSt9  actor: Anne Shirley
movieId: GSt9  actor: Brian Aherne
movieId: GSt9  actor: Julien Mitchell
movieId: GSt9  actor: Robert Coote
movieId: GSt9  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: GSt10  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: GSt10  actor: Irene Dunne
movieId: GSt10  actor: Edgar Buchanan
movieId: GSt10  actor: Beulah Bondi
movieId: GSt10  actor: Ann Doran
movieId: GSt11  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: GSt11  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: GSt12  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: GSt12  actor: Ronald Colman
movieId: GSt12  actor: Jean Arthur
movieId: GSt12  actor: Glenda Farrell
movieId: GSt12  actor: Edgar Buchanan
movieId: GSt12  actor: Rex Ingram
movieId: GSt12  actor: Emma Dunn
movieId: GSt12  actor: Charles Dingle
movieId: GSt13  actor: Jean Arthur
movieId: GSt13  actor: George Stevens
movieId: GSt13  actor: Charles Coburn
movieId: GSt13  actor: Joel McCrea
movieId: GSt13  actor: Richard Gaines
movieId: GSt13  actor: Bruce Bennett
movieId: GSt14  actor: Irene Dunne
movieId: GSt14  actor: Philip Dorn
movieId: GSt14  actor: Barbara BelGeddes
movieId: GSt14  actor: Oscar Homolka
movieId: GSt14  actor: Edgar Bergen
movieId: GSt14  actor: Cedric Hardwicke
movieId: GSt14  actor: Rudy Vallee
movieId: GSt14  actor: Barbara ONeil
movieId: GSt14  actor: Florence Bates
movieId: GSt14  actor: Peggy McIntyre
movieId: GSt14  actor: June Hedin
movieId: GSt14  actor: Steve Brown
movieId: GSt15  actor: Montgomery Clift
movieId: GSt15  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: GSt15  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: GSt15  actor: Anne Revere
movieId: GSt15  actor: Keefe Braselle
movieId: GSt15  actor: Fred Clark
movieId: GSt15  actor: Raymond Burr
movieId: GSt15  actor: Frieda Inescort
movieId: GSt17  actor: Alan Ladd
movieId: GSt17  actor: Jean Arthur
movieId: GSt17  actor: Van Heflin
movieId: GSt17  actor: Jack Palance
movieId: GSt17  actor: Brandon deWilde
movieId: GSt17  actor: Ben Johnson
movieId: GSt17  actor: Edgar Buchanan
movieId: GSt17  actor: Emile Meyer
movieId: GSt17  actor: Elisha Cook~jr
movieId: GSt17  actor: John Dierkes
movieId: GSt18  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: GSt18  actor: Rock Hudson
movieId: GSt18  actor: James Dean
movieId: GSt18  actor: Carroll Baker
movieId: GSt18  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: GSt18  actor: Rod Taylor
movieId: GSt18  actor: Mercedes McCambridge
movieId: GSt18  actor: Judith Evelyn
movieId: GSt18  actor: Sal Mineo
movieId: GSt18  actor: Jane Withers
movieId: GSt18  actor: Chill Wills
movieId: GSt18  actor: Alexander Scourby
movieId: GSt18  actor: Earl Holliman
movieId: GSt18  actor: Paul Fix
movieId: GSt19  actor: Millie Perkins
movieId: GSt19  actor: Joseph Schildkraut
movieId: GSt19  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: GSt19  actor: Ed Wynn
movieId: GSt19  actor: Richard Beymer
movieId: GSt19  actor: Gusti Huber
movieId: GSt19  actor: Lou Jacobi
movieId: GSt19  actor: Diane Baker
movieId: GSt19  actor: Douglas Spencer
movieId: GSt20  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: GSt20  actor: Dorothy McGuire
movieId: GSt20  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: GSt20  actor: Jose Ferrer
movieId: GSt20  actor: David McCallum
movieId: GSt20  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: GSt20  actor: Sidney Poitier
movieId: GSt20  actor: Donald Pleasence
movieId: GSt20  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: GSt20  actor: Pat Boone
movieId: GSt20  actor: Sal Mineo
movieId: GSt20  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: GSt20  actor: John Wayne
movieId: GSt20  actor: Telly Savalas
movieId: GSt20  actor: Joseph Schildkraut
movieId: GSt20  actor: Janet Margolin
movieId: GSt30  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: GSt30  actor: Warren Beatty
movieId: GSt30  actor: Charles Braswell
movieId: GSt30  actor: Hank Henry
movieId: GSy4  actor: Gene Kelly
movieId: GSy4  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: GSy4  actor: Kathryn Grayson
movieId: GSy4  actor: Jose Iturbi
movieId: GSy4  actor: Sharon McManus
movieId: GSy4  actor: Carlos Ramirez
movieId: GSy4  actor: Dean Stockwell
movieId: GSy4  actor: Pamela Britton
movieId: GSy4  actor: Jerry
movieId: GSy7  actor: Gene Kelly
movieId: GSy7  actor: Lana Turner
movieId: GSy7  actor: June Allyson
movieId: GSy7  actor: Frank Morgan
movieId: GSy7  actor: Van Heflin
movieId: GSy7  actor: Angela Lansbury
movieId: GSy7  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: GSy10  actor: Kathryn Grayson
movieId: GSy10  actor: Howard Keel
movieId: GSy10  actor: Ava Gardner
movieId: GSy10  actor: Joe E. Brown
movieId: GSy11  actor: Stewart Granger
movieId: GSy11  actor: Mel Ferrer
movieId: GSy11  actor: Eleanor Parker
movieId: GSy11  actor: Janet Leigh
movieId: GSy11  actor: Henry Wilcoxon
movieId: GSy11  actor: Nina Foch
movieId: GSy11  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: GSy13  actor: Ann Miller
movieId: GSy13  actor: Howard Keel
movieId: GSy13  actor: Kathryn Grayson
movieId: GSy13  actor: Willard Parker
movieId: GSy13  actor: Bobby Van
movieId: GSy13  actor: Tommy Rall
movieId: GSy13  actor: Carol Haney
movieId: GSy13  actor: James Whitmore
movieId: GSy13  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: GSy13  actor: Bob Fosse
movieId: GSy13  actor: Kurt Kasznar
movieId: GSy13  actor: Jeanne Coyne
movieId: GSy13  actor: Ron Randell
movieId: GSy13  actor: Claude Allister
movieId: GSy13  actor: Dave OBrien
movieId: GSy17  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: GSy17  actor: Rita Hayworth
movieId: GSy17  actor: Kim Novak
movieId: GSy17  actor: Bobby Sherwood
movieId: GSy17  actor: Hank Henry
movieId: GSy17  actor: Elizabeth Patterson
movieId: GSy17  actor: Barbara Nichols
movieId: GSy30  actor: AnnMargret
movieId: GSy30  actor: Janet Leigh
movieId: GSy30  actor: Dick VanDyke
movieId: GSy30  actor: Maureen Stapleton
movieId: GSy30  actor: Bobby Rydell
movieId: GSy30  actor: Jesse Pearson
movieId: GSy30  actor: Ed Sullivan
movieId: GSy40  actor: Tommy Steele
movieId: GSy40  actor: Julia Foster
movieId: GSy40  actor: Cyril Richard
movieId: GSy40  actor: Penelope Horner
movieId: GSy40  actor: Elaine Taylor
movieId: GSy40  actor: Hilton Edwards
movieId: GSy40  actor: Pamela Brown
movieId: GSy40  actor: James Villiers
movieId: GTh10  actor: Bob Monkhouse
movieId: GTh10  actor: William Hartnell
movieId: GTh10  actor: Charles Hawtrey
movieId: GTh10  actor: Kenneth Williams
movieId: GTh10  actor: Shirley Eaton
movieId: GTh10  actor: Eric Barker
movieId: GTh10  actor: Dora Bryan
movieId: GTh12  actor: Charles Hawtrey
movieId: GTh12  actor: Kenneth Connor
movieId: GTh16  actor: Kenneth Connor
movieId: GTh18  actor: Joan Sims
movieId: GTh23  actor: Joan Sims
movieId: GTh23  actor: Kenneth Williams
movieId: GTh24  actor: Charles Hawtrey
movieId: GTh26  actor: Jim Dale
movieId: GTh28  actor: Amanda Barrie
movieId: GTh28  actor: Jim Dale
movieId: GTh28  actor: Sid James
movieId: GTh28  actor: Kenneth Williams
movieId: GTh28  actor: Kenneth Connor
movieId: GTh28  actor: Charles Hawtree
movieId: GTh28  actor: Joan Sims
movieId: GTh29  actor: Sid James
movieId: GTh29  actor: Jim Dale
movieId: GTh30  actor: Jim Dale
movieId: GTh30  actor: Charles Hawtrey
movieId: GTh30  actor: Jim Dale
movieId: GTh32  actor: Jim Dale
movieId: GTh34  actor: Sid James
movieId: GTh34  actor: Kenneth Williams
movieId: GTh36  actor: Joan Sims
movieId: GTh36  actor: Kenneth Williams
movieId: GTh36  actor: Phil Silvers
movieId: GTh36  actor: Jim Dale
movieId: GTh36  actor: Anita Harris
movieId: GTh52  actor: Charles Hawtrey
movieId: GTh55  actor: Charles Hawtrey
movieId: GTh57  actor: Kenneth Williams
movieId: GTh60  actor: Kenneth Connor
movieId: GTh62  actor: Kenneth Connor
movieId: GTi10  actor: Brandon Hammon
movieId: GTi10  actor: Vanessa L. Williams
movieId: GTi10  actor: Vivica A. Fox
movieId: GTi10  actor: Nia Long
movieId: GTi10  actor: Michael Beach
movieId: GTo1  actor: Phillipe Noiret
movieId: GTo1  actor: Salvatore Cascio
movieId: GTo1  actor: Jacques Pennino
movieId: GTo1  actor: Antonelli Attile
movieId: GTo1  actor: Pupella Maggio
movieId: GTo2  actor: Marcelo Mastroianni
movieId: GTo2  actor: Noma Martelli
movieId: GTo2  actor: Salvatore Cascio
movieId: GTo2  actor: Michele Morgan
movieId: GTo2  actor: Marino Cenna
movieId: GTo9  actor: Sergio Castellito
movieId: GTr10  actor: Diane Lane
movieId: GTr10  actor: Deborah Raffin
movieId: GTr10  actor: Michael Learned
movieId: GTr12  actor: Charlie Rich
movieId: GTr12  actor: Eddie Albert
movieId: GTr12  actor: Robert Hays
movieId: GTr12  actor: Barbara Hershey
movieId: GTr12  actor: Tim Thomerson
movieId: GTr12  actor: Martin Mull
movieId: GTr12  actor: David Keith
movieId: GTr12  actor: Art Carney
movieId: GTr12  actor: Lacey J. Dalton
movieId: GTr12  actor: David Allen Coe
movieId: GTr12  actor: Johnny Paycheck
movieId: GTz3  actor: s a
movieId: GTz3  actor: s a
movieId: GTz3  actor: s a
movieId: GTz3  actor: s a
movieId: GTz10  actor: Irene Papas
movieId: GuB10  actor: Bartalomeo Pagano
movieId: GuB10  actor: Pauline Polaire
movieId: GuB10  actor: Elena Sangro
movieId: GuB10  actor: Lucia Zanussi
movieId: GuB10  actor: Franz Saal
movieId: GuB10  actor: Franz Saal
movieId: GuB10  actor: Umberto Guarcino
movieId: GuB10  actor: Mario Saja
movieId: GuB10  actor: Felice Menotti
movieId: GuB10  actor: Andrea Miano
movieId: GuC10  actor: Kim Vithani
movieId: GuC10  actor: Jimmi Harkishin
movieId: GuC10  actor: Sarita Khajuria
movieId: GuE10  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: GuE10  actor: Lars Hanson
movieId: GuE10  actor: Karin Kavli
movieId: GuE10  actor: VictorSjostrom
movieId: GuL10  actor: Gerard Barray
movieId: GuL10  actor: s a
movieId: GuS10  actor: Gustavo Serena
movieId: GuS10  actor: Francesca Bertini
movieId: GuS12  actor: Francesca Bertini
movieId: GuS12  actor: Gustavo Serena
movieId: GVe10  actor: Nathan Lane
movieId: GVe10  actor: Lee Evans
movieId: GVe10  actor: Vicky Lewis
movieId: GVe10  actor: William Hickey
movieId: GVe10  actor: Michael Jeter
movieId: GVe10  actor: Christopher Walken
movieId: GVe10  actor: Eric Christmas
movieId: GVe10  actor: Maury Chaykin
movieId: GVe10  actor: Camille Soeberg
movieId: GvR10  actor: Lea Thompson
movieId: GvR10  actor: Victoria Jackson
movieId: GvR10  actor: Stephen Shellen
movieId: GvR10  actor: Jerry Levine
movieId: GvR10  actor: Mary Gross
movieId: GvR10  actor: Andrew Dice Clay
movieId: GvS1  actor: Tim Streeter
movieId: GvS1  actor: Doug Cooeyate
movieId: GvS1  actor: Ray Monge
movieId: GvS2  actor: Matt Dillon
movieId: GvS2  actor: Kelly Lynch
movieId: GvS2  actor: James LeGros
movieId: GvS2  actor: Heather Graham
movieId: GvS2  actor: Max Perlich
movieId: GvS2  actor: James Remar
movieId: GvS2  actor: Grace Zabriskie
movieId: GvS2  actor: William S.L. Burroughs
movieId: GvS4  actor: William S.L. Burroughs
movieId: GvS5  actor: River Phoenix
movieId: GvS5  actor: Keanu Reeves
movieId: GvS5  actor: William Richert
movieId: GvS5  actor: James Russo
movieId: GvS5  actor: Udi Kier
movieId: GvS8  actor: Uma Thurman
movieId: GvS8  actor: Lorraine Bracco
movieId: GvS8  actor: Roseanne Arnold
movieId: GvS8  actor: Ed Begley~jr.
movieId: GvS8  actor: Angie Dickinson
movieId: GvS8  actor: Keanu Reeves
movieId: GvS8  actor: Crispin Glover
movieId: GvS11  actor: Matt Damon
movieId: GvS11  actor: Robin Wiiliams
movieId: GvS11  actor: Minnie Driver
movieId: GvS11  actor: Ben Affleck
movieId: GvS11  actor: Stellan Skarsgaard
movieId: GvS11  actor: Casey Affleck
movieId: GvS12  actor: Vince Vaughn
movieId: GvS12  actor: Ane Heche
movieId: GvS12  actor: Julianne Moore
movieId: GvS12  actor: Viggo Mortensen
movieId: GvS12  actor: William H. Macy
movieId: GvM7  actor: Gosta Ekman
movieId: GvM7  actor: Karin Swanstrom
movieId: GvM7  actor: Bjorn Berglund
movieId: GvM7  actor: Hakan Westergren
movieId: GvM7  actor: Ingrid Bergmansr
movieId: GvM10  actor: Gosta Eckman
movieId: GvM10  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: GvM10  actor: Inga Tidblatt
movieId: GvM10  actor: Britt Hagman
movieId: GvM12  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: GvM12  actor: Tore Svenberg
movieId: GvM12  actor: Georg Rydeberg
movieId: GvM12  actor: Goran Bernhard
movieId: GvM13  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: GvM13  actor: Georg Rydeberg
movieId: GvM13  actor: Kotti Chave
movieId: GvM13  actor: Tutta Rolf
movieId: GvM13  actor: Elsa Burnett
movieId: GvM14  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: GvM14  actor: Edvin Adolphson
movieId: GvM14  actor: Aino Taube
movieId: GvM14  actor: Olof Sandburg
movieId: GWg16  actor: Lon Chaney~jr
movieId: GWg16  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: GWg16  actor: Warren William
movieId: GWg16  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: GWg16  actor: Bela Lugosi
movieId: GWg16  actor: Maria Ouspenskaya
movieId: GWg16  actor: Patric Knowles
movieId: GWg16  actor: Evelyn Ankers
movieId: GWg16  actor: Fay Helm
movieId: GWg23  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: GWg23  actor: Susanna Foster
movieId: GWg23  actor: Gale Sondergard
movieId: GWg23  actor: Turhan Bey
movieId: GWg23  actor: Thomas Gomez
movieId: GWg23  actor: Scotty Beckett
movieId: GWh10  actor: George White
movieId: GWh10  actor: Alice Faye
movieId: GWh10  actor: James Dunn
movieId: GWh10  actor: Eleanor Powell
movieId: GWh10  actor: Ned Sparks
movieId: GWh10  actor: Cliff Edwards
movieId: GWh10  actor: Lyda Roberts
movieId: GWh10  actor: Arline Judge
movieId: GxR10  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: GxR10  actor: Victor Mature
movieId: GxR10  actor: Lana Turner
movieId: GxR10  actor: Lois Calhern
movieId: GxR10  actor: O.E. Hasse
movieId: GxR10  actor: Wilfrid Hyde White
movieId: GxR10  actor: Ian Carmichael
movieId: GxR10  actor: Niall McGinnis
movieId: GxR10  actor: Nora Swinburne
movieId: GxR20  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: GxR20  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: GyM4  actor: Michael McKean
movieId: GyM4  actor: Sean Young
movieId: GyM4  actor: Dabney Coleman
movieId: GyM4  actor: Pamela Reed
movieId: GyM4  actor: Ed Baigley~jr
movieId: GyM4  actor: Kimberly McArthur
movieId: GyM4  actor: Tessa Richarde
movieId: GyM4  actor: Janine Turner
movieId: GyM4  actor: Jaime Lynn Bauer
movieId: GyM10  actor: Goldie Hawn
movieId: GyM10  actor: Kurt Russell
movieId: GyM10  actor: Edward Herrmann
movieId: GyM10  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: GyM10  actor: Michael Hegarty
movieId: GyM20  actor: Richard Gere
movieId: GyM20  actor: Julia Roberts
movieId: GyM20  actor: Laura SanGiacomo
movieId: GyM20  actor: Jason Alexander
movieId: GyM20  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: GyM20  actor: Hector Elizondo
movieId: GyM20  actor: Stacy Keach~sr.
movieId: GyM20  actor: s a
movieId: GyM22  actor: Al Pacino
movieId: GyM22  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: GyM22  actor: Hector Elizondo
movieId: GyM22  actor: Kate Nelligan
movieId: GyM22  actor: Jane Morris
movieId: GyM22  actor: Nathan Lane
movieId: GyM22  actor: Terrence McNally
movieId: GyM24  actor: Michael Douglas
movieId: GyM24  actor: Sharon Stone
movieId: GyM24  actor: s a
movieId: GyM24  actor: s a
movieId: GyM24  actor: George Dzundis
movieId: GyM24  actor: s a
movieId: GyM26  actor: Rosie ODonnell
movieId: GyM26  actor: Dan Ackroyd
movieId: GyM26  actor: Dana Delaney
movieId: GyM26  actor: Paul Mercurio
movieId: GyM26  actor: sa
movieId: GyM26  actor: Stuart Wilson
movieId: GyM26  actor: Iman
movieId: GyM30  actor: Greg Kinnear
movieId: GyM30  actor: Hector Elizondo
movieId: GyM30  actor: Laurie Metcalf
movieId: GyM30  actor: Tim Conway
movieId: GyM30  actor: Maria Pitelli
movieId: GyM30  actor: Roscoe Lee Browne
movieId: GyM30  actor: Jon Seda
movieId: GyM30  actor: Donal Logue
movieId: GyM30  actor: Anna Maria Horsford
movieId: GyM30  actor: John Pinette
movieId: GyM33  actor: Richard Gere
movieId: GyM33  actor: Julia Roberts
movieId: GyM33  actor: s a
movieId: GyM33  actor: s a
movieId: GyM33  actor: Hector Elizondo
movieId: GyM33  actor: s a
movieId: GyM33  actor: s a
movieId: GyM33  actor: s a
movieId: GyM33  actor: s a
movieId: GyM35  actor: Anne Hathaway
movieId: GyM35  actor: Heather Metarazzo
movieId: GyM35  actor: Hector Elizondo
movieId: GyM35  actor: Julie Andrews
movieId: GyM35  actor: Mandy Moore
movieId: GyM35  actor: Caroline Goodall
movieId: GyM35  actor: Robert Schwartzman
movieId: GyM35  actor: Julie Andrews
movieId: GyM35  actor: Erik vonDetten
movieId: GyM35  actor: Sandra Oh
movieId: GyM35  actor: Lana Thomas
movieId: GyM35  actor: Sean OBryan
movieId: GyM35  actor: Beth Anne Garrison
movieId: GyM35  actor: Willy Brown
movieId: GyM35  actor: Lori Sigrist
movieId: GyM35  actor: Terri Sigrist
movieId: GzB1  actor: Guy Newall
movieId: H1  actor: Seymour Hicks
movieId: H1  actor: Ellaline Teriss
movieId: H2  actor: Clare Greet
movieId: H2  actor: Ernest Thesiger
movieId: H3  actor: Betty Compson
movieId: H3  actor: Clive Brook
movieId: H3  actor: Josephine Earle
movieId: H3  actor: Marie Ault
movieId: H3  actor: M. Peter
movieId: H3  actor: Victor McLaglen
movieId: H4  actor: Alice Joyce
movieId: H4  actor: Clive Brook
movieId: H4  actor: Lillian HallDavis
movieId: H4  actor: Marjorie Daw
movieId: H4  actor: Victor McLaglen
movieId: H4  actor: Mary Brough
movieId: H4  actor: John Hamilton
movieId: H4  actor: J.R. Tozer
movieId: H4  actor: Walter Rilla
movieId: H5  actor: Bernard Goetzke
movieId: H5  actor: Jane Movak
movieId: H5  actor: Frank Stanmore
movieId: H7  actor: Virginia Valli
movieId: H7  actor: Carmelita Geraghty
movieId: H7  actor: Miles Mander
movieId: H7  actor: John Stuart
movieId: H7  actor: Frederick Martini
movieId: H7  actor: Nita Naldi
movieId: H7  actor: Florence Helminger
movieId: H7  actor: Jane Novak
movieId: H8  actor: Bernard Goetzke
movieId: H8  actor: Nita Naldi
movieId: H8  actor: Malcolm Keen
movieId: H8  actor: John Hamilton
movieId: H9  actor: Ivor Novello
movieId: H9  actor: June
movieId: H9  actor: Malcolm Keen
movieId: H9  actor: Arthur Chesney
movieId: H9  actor: Marie Ault
movieId: H9  actor: Rodney Aukland
movieId: H9  actor: Alfred Hitchcock
movieId: H10  actor: Ivor Novello
movieId: H10  actor: Robin Irvine
movieId: H10  actor: Isabel Jeans
movieId: H10  actor: Ben Webster
movieId: H10  actor: Sybil Rhoda
movieId: H10  actor: Lillian Braithwaite
movieId: H10  actor: Violet Farebrother
movieId: H10  actor: Robin Irvine
movieId: H10  actor: Hannah Jones
movieId: H10  actor: Norman McKinnel
movieId: H10  actor: June
movieId: H10  actor: Jerrold Robertshaw
movieId: H10  actor: Ian Hunter
movieId: H10  actor: Alfred Goddard
movieId: H10  actor: Barbara Gott
movieId: H10  actor: Hannah Jones
movieId: H11  actor: Isabel Jeans
movieId: H11  actor: Robin Irvine
movieId: H11  actor: Eric Bransby Williams
movieId: H11  actor: Ian Hunter
movieId: H11  actor: Franklin Dyall
movieId: H11  actor: Violet Farebrother
movieId: H11  actor: Frank Elliott
movieId: H11  actor: Darcia Deane
movieId: H11  actor: Dorothy Boyd
movieId: H11  actor: Enid StampTaylor
movieId: H11  actor: Benita Hume
movieId: H11  actor: Alfred Hitchcock
movieId: H12  actor: Carl Brisson
movieId: H12  actor: Lillian HallDavis
movieId: H12  actor: Ian Hunter
movieId: H12  actor: Harry Terry
movieId: H12  actor: Gordon Harker
movieId: H12  actor: Billy Wells
movieId: H12  actor: Tom Helmore
movieId: H12  actor: Forrester Harvey
movieId: H12  actor: Brandy Walker
movieId: H13  actor: Jameson Thomas
movieId: H13  actor: Lillian HallDavis
movieId: H13  actor: Gordon Harker
movieId: H13  actor: Maude Gill
movieId: H13  actor: Louise Pounds
movieId: H13  actor: Olga Slade
movieId: H13  actor: Antonia Brough
movieId: H14  actor: Betty Balfour
movieId: H14  actor: Gordon Harker
movieId: H14  actor: Jack Trevor
movieId: H14  actor: Ferdinand vonAlten
movieId: H14  actor: Marcel Vibert
movieId: H14  actor: Jean Bradin
movieId: H15  actor: Polly Ward
movieId: H15  actor: Stuart Hall
movieId: H15  actor: Trilby Clark
movieId: H15  actor: Jack Raine
movieId: H16  actor: Carl Brisson
movieId: H16  actor: Malcolm Keen
movieId: H16  actor: Anny Ondra
movieId: H16  actor: Randle Ayrton
movieId: H16  actor: Clare Greet
movieId: H17  actor: Anny Ondra
movieId: H17  actor: Cyril Ritchard
movieId: H17  actor: John Longden
movieId: H17  actor: Sara Allgood
movieId: H17  actor: Charles Paton
movieId: H17  actor: Donald Calthrop
movieId: H17  actor: Hannah Jones
movieId: H17  actor: Harvey Braban
movieId: H17  actor: ex-sergeant H. Jones
movieId: H17  actor: Alfred Hitchcock
movieId: H18  actor: Anna May Wong
movieId: H18  actor: Donald Calthrop
movieId: H18  actor: Gordon Harker
movieId: H18  actor: Thomas Jameson
movieId: H19  actor: Sara Allgood
movieId: H19  actor: Edward Chapman
movieId: H19  actor: Marie ONeill
movieId: H19  actor: Sidney Morgan
movieId: H19  actor: John Laurie
movieId: H19  actor: Dennis Wyndham
movieId: H19  actor: John Longden
movieId: H19  actor: Kathleen ORegan
movieId: H20  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: H20  actor: Norah Baring
movieId: H20  actor: Esme Percy
movieId: H20  actor: Miles Mander
movieId: H20  actor: Phyllis Konstam
movieId: H20  actor: Edward Chapman
movieId: H20  actor: Esme Chaplin
movieId: H20  actor: Brondon Thomas
movieId: H20  actor: Joynson Powell
movieId: H20  actor: Donald Calthrop
movieId: H20  actor: Marie Wright
movieId: H20  actor: Amy BrandonThomas
movieId: H20  actor: Clare Greet
movieId: H20  actor: Una OConnor
movieId: H20  actor: Violet Farebrother
movieId: H20  actor: Alfred Hitchcock
movieId: H21  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: H21  actor: Jill Esmond
movieId: H21  actor: Phyllis Konstam
movieId: H21  actor: John Longden
movieId: H21  actor: C.V. France
movieId: H21  actor: Helen Haye
movieId: H21  actor: Dora Gregory
movieId: H21  actor: Frank Lawton
movieId: H21  actor: Herbert Ross
movieId: H22  actor: Henry Kendall
movieId: H22  actor: Joan Barry
movieId: H22  actor: Betty Amann
movieId: H22  actor: Percy Marmont
movieId: H22  actor: Elsie Randolph
movieId: H23  actor: Leon M. Lion
movieId: H23  actor: John Stuart
movieId: H23  actor: Anne Grey
movieId: H23  actor: Donald Calthrop
movieId: H23  actor: Barry Jones
movieId: H23  actor: Garry Marsh
movieId: H24  actor: Gertrude Lawrence
movieId: H24  actor: Gerald duMaurier
movieId: H24  actor: Benita Hume
movieId: H24  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: H25  actor: Jessie Matthews
movieId: H25  actor: Esmond Knight
movieId: H25  actor: Frank Vosper
movieId: H25  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: H25  actor: Fay Compton
movieId: H25  actor: Robert Hale
movieId: H25  actor: Hindle Edgar
movieId: H26  actor: Leslie Banks
movieId: H26  actor: Edna Best
movieId: H26  actor: Pierre Fresnay
movieId: H26  actor: Nova Pilbeam
movieId: H26  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: H26  actor: Hugh Wakefield
movieId: H26  actor: Frank Vosper
movieId: H26  actor: George Curzon
movieId: H26  actor: Cicely Oates
movieId: H26  actor: D.A. ClarkeSmith
movieId: H27  actor: Robert Donat
movieId: H27  actor: Madeleine Carroll
movieId: H27  actor: Lucie Mannheim
movieId: H27  actor: no\_actor
movieId: H27  actor: Godfrey Tearle
movieId: H27  actor: Wylie Watson
movieId: H27  actor: Peggy Ashcroft
movieId: H27  actor: John Laurie
movieId: H27  actor: Helen Haye
movieId: H27  actor: Wylie Watson
movieId: H28  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: H28  actor: Madeleine Carroll
movieId: H28  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: H28  actor: Percy Marmont
movieId: H28  actor: Florence Kahn
movieId: H28  actor: Robert Young
movieId: H28  actor: Lilli Palmer
movieId: H28  actor: Charles Carson
movieId: H28  actor: Michael SaintDenis
movieId: H29  actor: Oscar Homolka
movieId: H29  actor: Sylvia Sidney
movieId: H29  actor: John Loder
movieId: H29  actor: Desmond Tester
movieId: H29  actor: William Dewhurst
movieId: H29  actor: Joyce Barbour
movieId: H29  actor: Mathew Boulton
movieId: H29  actor: S.J. Warmington
movieId: H29  actor: Sara Allgood
movieId: H29  actor: Martita Hunt
movieId: H29  actor: Peter Bull
movieId: H29  actor: Torin Thatcher
movieId: H29  actor: Clare Greet
movieId: H30  actor: Nova Pilbeam
movieId: H30  actor: Derrick deMarney
movieId: H30  actor: Percy Marmont
movieId: H30  actor: no\_actor
movieId: H30  actor: Pamela Carme
movieId: H30  actor: Peggy Simpson
movieId: H30  actor: Anna Konstam
movieId: H30  actor: Mary Clare
movieId: H30  actor: John Longden
movieId: H30  actor: no\_actor
movieId: H30  actor: George Curzon
movieId: H30  actor: Jerry Verno
movieId: H30  actor: John Miller
movieId: H30  actor: Torin Thatcher
movieId: H30  actor: Edward Rigby
movieId: H30  actor: Basil Radford
movieId: H30  actor: Alfred Hitchcock
movieId: H31  actor: Margaret Lockwood
movieId: H31  actor: Michael Redgrave
movieId: H31  actor: May Whitty
movieId: H31  actor: Josephine Wilson
movieId: H31  actor: Paul Lukas
movieId: H31  actor: Naunton Wayne
movieId: H31  actor: Basil Radford
movieId: H31  actor: Mary Clare
movieId: H31  actor: Catherine Lacey
movieId: H31  actor: Cecil Parker
movieId: H31  actor: Linden Travers
movieId: H31  actor: Googie Withers
movieId: H31  actor: no\_actor
movieId: H31  actor: Emile Borea
movieId: H31  actor: Sally Stewart
movieId: H31  actor: Phillippe Leaver
movieId: H31  actor: Zelma vanDias
movieId: H31  actor: Josephine Wilson
movieId: H31  actor: Charles Oliver
movieId: H31  actor: Kathleen Tremaine
movieId: H32  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: H32  actor: Maureen OHara
movieId: H32  actor: Marie Ney
movieId: H32  actor: Leslie Banks
movieId: H32  actor: Robert Newton
movieId: H32  actor: Emlyn Williams
movieId: H32  actor: Hay Petrie
movieId: H32  actor: Clare Greet
movieId: H32  actor: George Curzon
movieId: H32  actor: Basil Redford
movieId: H32  actor: William Devlin
movieId: H32  actor: Horace Hodges
movieId: H32  actor: Frederick Piper
movieId: H32  actor: Marie Ney
movieId: H32  actor: Wylie Watson
movieId: H32  actor: Morland Graham
movieId: H32  actor: Edwin Greenwood
movieId: H32  actor: Mervyn Johns
movieId: H32  actor: Stephen Haggard
movieId: H32  actor: Herbert Lomas
movieId: H32  actor: Jeanne deCasalis
movieId: H32  actor: Mabel Terry Lewis
movieId: H32  actor: A.Bromley Davenport
movieId: H33  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: H33  actor: Joan Fontaine
movieId: H33  actor: George Sanders
movieId: H33  actor: Judith Anderson
movieId: H33  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: H33  actor: none
movieId: H33  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: H33  actor: Gladys Cooper
movieId: H33  actor: Philip Winter
movieId: H33  actor: Edward Fielding
movieId: H33  actor: Florence Bates
movieId: H33  actor: Melville Cooper
movieId: H33  actor: Leo G. Carroll
movieId: H33  actor: Leonard Carey
movieId: H34  actor: Joel McCrea
movieId: H34  actor: Laraine Day
movieId: H34  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: H34  actor: George Sanders
movieId: H34  actor: Robert Benchley
movieId: H34  actor: Albert Basserman
movieId: H34  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: H34  actor: Harry Davenport
movieId: H34  actor: Jane Novak
movieId: H34  actor: E.E. Clive
movieId: H34  actor: Ian Wolfe
movieId: H34  actor: Martin Kosleck
movieId: H34  actor: Charles Waggenheim
movieId: H34  actor: Eduardo Cianelli
movieId: H34  actor: Barbara Pepper
movieId: H34  actor: Francis Carson
movieId: H34  actor: Emery Powell
movieId: H34  actor: Edward Conrad
movieId: H34  actor: Charles Halton
movieId: H34  actor: Ror Gordon
movieId: H34  actor: Gertrude Hoffman
movieId: H34  actor: Martin Lamont
movieId: H34  actor: Barry Bernard
movieId: H34  actor: John Burton
movieId: H35  actor: Carole Lombard
movieId: H35  actor: Carole Lombard
movieId: H35  actor: Robert Montgomery
movieId: H35  actor: Gene Raymond
movieId: H35  actor: Jack Carson
movieId: H35  actor: Philip Merivale
movieId: H35  actor: Lucile Watson
movieId: H35  actor: William Tracy
movieId: H35  actor: Betty Compson
movieId: H35  actor: Patricia Farr
movieId: H36  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: H36  actor: Joan Fontaine
movieId: H36  actor: Cedric Hardwicke
movieId: H36  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: H36  actor: May Whitty
movieId: H36  actor: Isabel Jeans
movieId: H36  actor: Heather Angel
movieId: H36  actor: Auriol Lee
movieId: H36  actor: Reginald Sheffield
movieId: H36  actor: Leo G. Carroll
movieId: H37  actor: Bob Cummings
movieId: H37  actor: Norman Lloyd
movieId: H37  actor: Priscilla Lane
movieId: H37  actor: Allan Baxter
movieId: H37  actor: Otto Kruger
movieId: H37  actor: Alma Kruger
movieId: H38  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: H38  actor: Teresa Wright
movieId: H38  actor: Hume Cronyn
movieId: H38  actor: Patricia Collinge
movieId: H38  actor: Edna May Wonacott
movieId: H38  actor: Wallace Ford
movieId: H38  actor: Charlie Bates
movieId: H38  actor: Irving Bacon
movieId: H38  actor: Clarence Muse
movieId: H38  actor: Janet Shaw
movieId: H38  actor: Estelle Jewell
movieId: H38  actor: Alfred Hitchcock
movieId: H38  actor: Minerva Urecal
movieId: H39  actor: Tallulah Bankhead
movieId: H39  actor: William Bendix
movieId: H39  actor: Walter Slezak
movieId: H39  actor: Mary Anderson
movieId: H39  actor: John Hodiak
movieId: H39  actor: Henry Hull
movieId: H39  actor: Heather Angel
movieId: H39  actor: Hume Cronyn
movieId: H39  actor: Canada Lee
movieId: H39  actor: Alfred Hitchcock
movieId: H40  actor: Moliere Players
movieId: H41  actor: John Blythe
movieId: H41  actor: Moliere Players
movieId: H42  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: H42  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: H42  actor: Leo G. Carroll
movieId: H42  actor: Michael Chekhov
movieId: H42  actor: Rhonda Fleming
movieId: H42  actor: no\_actor
movieId: H42  actor: Jean Acker
movieId: H42  actor: Donald Curtis
movieId: H42  actor: Norman Lloyd
movieId: H42  actor: John Emery
movieId: H42  actor: Steve Geray
movieId: H42  actor: Alfred Hitchcock
movieId: H43  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: H43  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: H43  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: H43  actor: Leopoldine Konstatin
movieId: H43  actor: Louis Calhern
movieId: H43  actor: Reinhold Schunzel
movieId: H43  actor: s a
movieId: H43  actor: Alex Minotis
movieId: H43  actor: Alfred Hitchcock
movieId: H44  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: H44  actor: Alida Valli
movieId: H44  actor: Ann Todd
movieId: H44  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: H44  actor: Charles Coburn
movieId: H44  actor: Ethel Barrymore
movieId: H44  actor: Louis Jourdan
movieId: H44  actor: John Tetzel
movieId: H44  actor: Leo G. Carroll
movieId: H44  actor: John Goldsworthy
movieId: H44  actor: Lester Matthew
movieId: H44  actor: Pat Aherne
movieId: H44  actor: Colin Hunter
movieId: H44  actor: Alfred Hitchcock
movieId: H45  actor: James Stewart
movieId: H45  actor: John Dall
movieId: H45  actor: Farley Granger
movieId: H45  actor: Cedric Hardwicke
movieId: H45  actor: Joan Chandler
movieId: H45  actor: Constance Collier
movieId: H45  actor: Edith Evanson
movieId: H45  actor: s a
movieId: H45  actor: Douglas Dick
movieId: H45  actor: Alfred Hitchcock
movieId: H46  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: H46  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: H46  actor: Margaret Leighton
movieId: H46  actor: Michael Wilding
movieId: H46  actor: Jack Watling
movieId: H46  actor: Cecil Parker
movieId: H46  actor: Denis ODea
movieId: H47  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: H47  actor: Jane Wyman
movieId: H47  actor: Michael Wilding
movieId: H47  actor: Richard Todd
movieId: H47  actor: Patricia Hitchcock
movieId: H47  actor: Alfred Hitchcock
movieId: H48  actor: Farley Granger
movieId: H48  actor: Robert Walker
movieId: H48  actor: Ruth Roman
movieId: H48  actor: Laura Elliot
movieId: H48  actor: Leo G. Carroll
movieId: H48  actor: Patricia Hitchcock
movieId: H48  actor: Jonathan Hale
movieId: H48  actor: Marion Lorne
movieId: H48  actor: Howard StJohn
movieId: H48  actor: Alfred Hitchcock
movieId: H49  actor: Montgomery Clift
movieId: H49  actor: `Villette'
movieId: H49  actor: O.E. Hasse
movieId: H49  actor: Dolly Haas
movieId: H49  actor: Anne Baxter
movieId: H49  actor: Karl Malden
movieId: H50  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: H50  actor: Grace Kelly
movieId: H50  actor: John Williams
movieId: H50  actor: Bob Cummings
movieId: H50  actor: Anthony Dawson
movieId: H50  actor: Alfred Hitchcock
movieId: H51  actor: James Stewart
movieId: H51  actor: Grace Kelly
movieId: H51  actor: Raymond Burr
movieId: H51  actor: Thelma Ritter
movieId: H51  actor: Wendell Cory
movieId: H51  actor: Judith Evelyn
movieId: H51  actor: Alfred Hitchcock
movieId: H52  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: H52  actor: Grace Kelly
movieId: H52  actor: Brigitte Auber
movieId: H52  actor: John Williams
movieId: H52  actor: Jessie Royce Landis
movieId: H53  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: H53  actor: John Forsythe
movieId: H53  actor: Shirley MacLaine
movieId: H53  actor: Mildred Natwick
movieId: H53  actor: Royal Dono
movieId: H57  actor: James Stewart
movieId: H57  actor: Doris Day
movieId: H57  actor: Christopher Olson
movieId: H57  actor: Bernard Miles
movieId: H57  actor: Brenda deBanzie
movieId: H57  actor: Daniel Gelin
movieId: H57  actor: Ralph Truman
movieId: H57  actor: Mogens Wieth
movieId: H57  actor: Alan Mowbray
movieId: H57  actor: Hillary Brooke
movieId: H61  actor: Vera Miles
movieId: H61  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: H61  actor: Anthony Quayle
movieId: H61  actor: Harold J. Stone
movieId: H61  actor: John Heldabrand
movieId: H61  actor: Doreen Lang
movieId: H61  actor: Norma Connolly
movieId: H61  actor: Lola DAnnuzio
movieId: H61  actor: Robert Essen
movieId: H61  actor: Kippy Campbell
movieId: H61  actor: Dayton Lummis
movieId: H61  actor: Charles Cooper
movieId: H61  actor: Esther Miniciotti
movieId: H61  actor: Laurinda Barrett
movieId: H61  actor: Nehemiah Persoff
movieId: H61  actor: s a
movieId: H61  actor: Tuesday Weld
movieId: H61  actor: Alfred Hitchcock
movieId: H65  actor: James Stewart
movieId: H65  actor: Kim Novak
movieId: H65  actor: Kim Novak
movieId: H65  actor: Tom Helmore
movieId: H65  actor: Barbara BelGeddes
movieId: H65  actor: Henry Jones
movieId: H65  actor: 
movieId: H69  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: H69  actor: Eve Marie Saint
movieId: H69  actor: James Mason
movieId: H69  actor: Leo G. Carroll
movieId: H69  actor: Martin Landau
movieId: H69  actor: Jessie Roy Landis
movieId: H69  actor: Adam Williams
movieId: H69  actor: none
movieId: H69  actor: Alfred Hitchcock
movieId: H73  actor: Janet Leigh
movieId: H73  actor: Anthony Perkins
movieId: H73  actor: Vera Miles
movieId: H73  actor: John Gavin
movieId: H73  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: H73  actor: Simon Oakland
movieId: H73  actor: Patricia Hitchcock
movieId: H73  actor: Frank Albertson
movieId: H73  actor: Vaughn Taylor
movieId: H73  actor: John McIntire
movieId: H73  actor: Lurene Tuttle
movieId: H73  actor: John Anderson
movieId: H73  actor: Mort Mills
movieId: H73  actor: Ted Knight
movieId: H73  actor: Alfred Hitchcock
movieId: H79  actor: Rod Taylor
movieId: H79  actor: Tippi Hedren
movieId: H79  actor: Jessica Tandy
movieId: H79  actor: Suzanne Pleshette
movieId: H79  actor: Ethel Griffies
movieId: H79  actor: Veronica Cartwright
movieId: H79  actor: Alfred Hitchcock
movieId: H80  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: H80  actor: Tippi Hedren
movieId: H80  actor: Diane Baker
movieId: H80  actor: Martin Gabel
movieId: H80  actor: Louise Latham
movieId: H80  actor: Bob Sweeny
movieId: H80  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: H80  actor: Alfred Hitchcock
movieId: H81  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: H81  actor: Julie Andrews
movieId: H81  actor: Wolfgang Kieling
movieId: H81  actor: Ludwig Donath
movieId: H81  actor: Carolyn Conwell
movieId: H81  actor: David Opatoshu
movieId: H81  actor: Lila Kedrova
movieId: H81  actor: Tamara Toumanova
movieId: H81  actor: Alfred Hitchcock
movieId: H82  actor: Frederick Stafford
movieId: H82  actor: John Forsythe
movieId: H82  actor: Philipe Noiret
movieId: H82  actor: Carolyn Conwell
movieId: H82  actor: John Vernon
movieId: H82  actor: Roscoe Lee Browne
movieId: H82  actor: Dany Robin
movieId: H82  actor: Michel Piccoli
movieId: H82  actor: Karin Dor
movieId: H82  actor: Alfred Hitchcock
movieId: H83  actor: Jon Finch
movieId: H83  actor: Barbara Leigh-Hunt
movieId: H83  actor: Alec Mccowen
movieId: H83  actor: Vivien Merchant
movieId: H83  actor: Anna Massey
movieId: H83  actor: Barry Foster
movieId: H83  actor: Elsie Randolph
movieId: H83  actor: Alfred Hitchcock
movieId: H84  actor: Cathleen Nesbitt
movieId: H84  actor: Barbara Harris
movieId: H84  actor: William Devane
movieId: H84  actor: Karen Black
movieId: H84  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: H84  actor: Ed Lauter
movieId: H84  actor: Katherine Helmond
movieId: H84  actor: Edith Atwater
movieId: H54  actor: Vera Miles
movieId: H54  actor: Ralph Meeker
movieId: H54  actor: Frances Bavier
movieId: H54  actor: Ray Montgomery
movieId: H54  actor: John Gallaudet
movieId: H54  actor: Ray Teal
movieId: H55  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: H55  actor: Aaron Spelling
movieId: H56  actor: Tom Ewell
movieId: H56  actor: Tom Ewell
movieId: H56  actor: s a
movieId: H56  actor: s a
movieId: H58  actor: John Williams
movieId: H58  actor: Isobel Elsom
movieId: H59  actor: John Williams
movieId: H59  actor: Tita Purdom
movieId: H59  actor: Cedric Hardwicke
movieId: H59  actor: Kathryn Givney
movieId: H59  actor: Jerry Barcley
movieId: H59  actor: Irene Lang
movieId: H60  actor: Mary Scott
movieId: H60  actor: Robert Horton
movieId: H60  actor: Meg Mundy
movieId: H60  actor: Dayton Lummis
movieId: H60  actor: Eloise Hardt
movieId: H62  actor: David Wayne
movieId: H62  actor: Steve Brodie
movieId: H62  actor: Louise Larabee
movieId: H62  actor: Norman Leavitt
movieId: H63  actor: E.G. Marshall
movieId: H63  actor: Nancy Kelly
movieId: H63  actor: Richard Long
movieId: H64  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: H64  actor: James Gregory
movieId: H64  actor: Gavin Gordon
movieId: H64  actor: Marianne Stewart
movieId: H64  actor: Charles Webster
movieId: H64  actor: John Zaremba
movieId: H64  actor: Nick Nicholson
movieId: H64  actor: Therese Lyon
movieId: H64  actor: Mard Dunn
movieId: H64  actor: Therese Lyon
movieId: H66  actor: Barbara BelGeddes
movieId: H66  actor: Allan Lane
movieId: H66  actor: Harold J. Stone
movieId: H67  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: H67  actor: Fay Wray
movieId: H67  actor: Louise Platt
movieId: H67  actor: Phillip Bournef
movieId: H67  actor: Doris Lloyd
movieId: H67  actor: Ralph Clinton
movieId: H67  actor: Doreen Lang
movieId: H67  actor: Owen Cunningham
movieId: H67  actor: Barry Harvey
movieId: H67  actor: Michael Hadlow
movieId: H67  actor: William Hughes
movieId: H68  actor: James Donald
movieId: H68  actor: Wendell Cory
movieId: H68  actor: Arnold Moss
movieId: H70  actor: John Williams
movieId: H70  actor: Kenneth Haigh
movieId: H70  actor: Hilda Plowright
movieId: H70  actor: Reginald Gardiner
movieId: H70  actor: Max Adrian
movieId: H70  actor: George Pelling
movieId: H71  actor: Laurence Harvey
movieId: H71  actor: Hazel Court
movieId: H71  actor: Robert Douglas
movieId: H71  actor: Patrick Macnee
movieId: H71  actor: Barry G. Harvey
movieId: H72  actor: James Donald
movieId: H72  actor: Patricia Owens
movieId: H72  actor: Werner Klemperer
movieId: H72  actor: Ben Asta
movieId: H72  actor: Patrick MacNee
movieId: H72  actor: Harold O. Dyrenforth
movieId: H72  actor: Frank Holms
movieId: H72  actor: Eilleen Anderson
movieId: H72  actor: Otto Reichow
movieId: H74  actor: Vera Miles
movieId: H74  actor: George Peppard
movieId: H74  actor: Paul Hartman
movieId: H75  actor: Les Tremayne
movieId: H75  actor: Audrey Meadows
movieId: H75  actor: Stephen Chase
movieId: H75  actor: Maidia Norman
movieId: H75  actor: Bernie Hamilton
movieId: H75  actor: Sally Hughes
movieId: H75  actor: Howard Caine
movieId: H76  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: H76  actor: Ed Gardner
movieId: H76  actor: Percy Heston
movieId: H76  actor: Mike Ragan
movieId: H76  actor: Kenneth MacKenna
movieId: H77  actor: Billy Mumy
movieId: H77  actor: Steve Dunne
movieId: H77  actor: Biff Elliott
movieId: H77  actor: Lucy Prentiss
movieId: H78  actor: John Forsythe
movieId: H78  actor: Kent Smith
movieId: HAA10  actor: Fredric March
movieId: HAA10  actor: Nancy Carroll
movieId: HAA10  actor: Frank Morgan
movieId: HAA15  actor: John Barrymore
movieId: HAA15  actor: sa
movieId: HAA15  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: HaB3  actor: s a
movieId: HaB9  actor: Dana Andrews
movieId: HaB9  actor: Linda Darnell
movieId: HaB9  actor: Sterling Hayden
movieId: HaB9  actor: Elroy Hirsch
movieId: HaB9  actor: Jerry Paris
movieId: HaB15  actor: Sidney Poitier
movieId: HaB24  actor: Kent Lane
movieId: HaB35  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: HaB35  actor: Dolores DelRio
movieId: HaB35  actor: Lupita Ferrer
movieId: HaC10  actor: Susan Hayward
movieId: HaC10  actor: Paaul Lukas
movieId: HaC10  actor: Bill Williams
movieId: HaC10  actor: Joseph Calleia
movieId: HaC10  actor: Osa Massen
movieId: HaC10  actor: Lola Lane
movieId: HaC10  actor: Jerome Cowan
movieId: HaF23  actor: Felix Aylmer
movieId: HaF23  actor: Greta Gynt
movieId: HaF23  actor: Walter Rilla
movieId: HaF23  actor: Peter Mullins
movieId: HaF23  actor: Ursula jens
movieId: HaF23  actor: Elspeth March
movieId: HaF23  actor: Meier Tzelniker
movieId: HaF29  actor: Derek Farr
movieId: HaF29  actor: Marjorie Fielding
movieId: HaF29  actor: George Thorpe
movieId: HaF29  actor: Frank Celier
movieId: HaF35  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: HaF35  actor: Marius Goring
movieId: HaF35  actor: Marta Toren
movieId: HaF35  actor: Anouk Aimee
movieId: HaF35  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: HaF35  actor: Ferdy Mayne
movieId: HaF37  actor: Richard Todd
movieId: HaF37  actor: Glynis Johns
movieId: HaF37  actor: James Robertson Justice
movieId: HAG1  actor: Judy Canova
movieId: HAG1  actor: Gertrude Flynn
movieId: HAG1  actor: Ellen Corby
movieId: HAG1  actor: Arch Johnson
movieId: HAG1  actor: Ted Knight
movieId: HaK20  actor: Nora Armani
movieId: HaK20  actor: Gerald papasin
movieId: HaM10  actor: Steven Hill
movieId: HaM10  actor: Richard Anderson
movieId: HaM10  actor: Joanna
movieId: HaM11  actor: Henry Jones
movieId: HaM11  actor: Kathleen Freeman
movieId: HaM11  actor: Linda Lawson
movieId: HaM11  actor: Robert Loggia
movieId: HaR1  actor: Rodney Dangerfield
movieId: HaR1  actor: Chevy Chase
movieId: HaR1  actor: Ted Knight
movieId: HaR1  actor: Bill Murray
movieId: HaR1  actor: Michael OKeefe
movieId: HaR1  actor: Scott Colomby
movieId: HaR1  actor: Brian Doyle Murray
movieId: HaR1  actor: Sarah Holcomb
movieId: HaR10  actor: Beverly dAngelo
movieId: HaR10  actor: Chevy Chase
movieId: HaR10  actor: Imogene Coca
movieId: HaR10  actor: Randy Quaid
movieId: HaR10  actor: Miriam Flynn
movieId: HaR10  actor: Anthony Michael Hall
movieId: HaR10  actor: Dana Barron
movieId: HaR10  actor: Eddie Bracken
movieId: HaR10  actor: Brian Dole Murray
movieId: HaR10  actor: Frank McRae
movieId: HaR10  actor: John Candy
movieId: HaR10  actor: James Keach
movieId: HaR10  actor: Eugene Levy
movieId: HaR10  actor: Christopher Jackson
movieId: HaR10  actor: Christie Brinkley
movieId: HaR14  actor: Roger Clinton
movieId: HaR14  actor: Jack Carter
movieId: HaR14  actor: Corey Feldman
movieId: HaR18  actor: Bill Murray
movieId: HaR18  actor: Andie McDowell
movieId: HaR18  actor: Chris Elliott
movieId: HaR18  actor: Stephen Tobolowsky
movieId: HaR25  actor: Michael Keaton
movieId: HaR25  actor: Michael Keaton
movieId: HaR25  actor: Michael Keaton
movieId: HaR25  actor: Michael Keaton
movieId: HaR25  actor: Andie McDowell
movieId: HaR25  actor: Harris Yulin
movieId: HaR28  actor: Billy Chrystal
movieId: HaR28  actor: Joe Viterelli
movieId: HaR28  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: HaR28  actor: Lisa Kudrow
movieId: HaR28  actor: Joe Viterelli
movieId: HaR28  actor: Chazz Palminteri
movieId: HaR28  actor: Joe Viterelli
movieId: HaR28  actor: Leo Rossi
movieId: HaR28  actor: s a
movieId: HaR28  actor: s a
movieId: HaR28  actor: Cara Seymour
movieId: HaR28  actor: Neil Pepe
movieId: HaR28  actor: Tony Bennett
movieId: HAs2  actor: Ruth Gordon
movieId: HAs2  actor: Bud Cort
movieId: HAs2  actor: Vivian Pickles
movieId: HAs2  actor: Cyril Cusack
movieId: HAs3  actor: Randy Quaid
movieId: HAs3  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: HAs3  actor: Robert Towne
movieId: HAs3  actor: Nance Allen
movieId: HAs3  actor: Carol Kane
movieId: HAs3  actor: Otis Young
movieId: HAs3  actor: Clifton James
movieId: HAs3  actor: Michael Moriarty
movieId: HAs4  actor: Warren Beatty
movieId: HAs4  actor: Julie Christy
movieId: HAs4  actor: Lee Grant
movieId: HAs4  actor: Goldie Hawn
movieId: HAs4  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: HAs4  actor: Tony Bill
movieId: HAs4  actor: Carrie Fisher
movieId: HAs4  actor: Jay Robinson
movieId: HAs6  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: HAs6  actor: Jon Voight
movieId: HAs6  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: HAs6  actor: Robert Carradine
movieId: HAs6  actor: Penelope Milford
movieId: HAs7  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: HAs7  actor: Shirley MacLaine
movieId: HAs7  actor: Melvyn Douglas
movieId: HAs7  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: HAs7  actor: Richard Dysart
movieId: HAs7  actor: Richard Basehart
movieId: HAs9  actor: Robert Blake
movieId: HAs9  actor: Barbara Harris
movieId: HAs10  actor: AnnMargret
movieId: HAs10  actor: Jon Voight
movieId: HAs10  actor: Burt Young
movieId: HAv10  actor: Christopher George
movieId: HAv10  actor: Mary McDonough
movieId: HAv10  actor: Bill Paxton
movieId: HAv10  actor: Lynda Day George
movieId: HaW4  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: HaW4  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: HaW4  actor: Dorothy Lamour
movieId: HaW4  actor: Douglass Dumbrille
movieId: HaW9  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: HaW9  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: HaW9  actor: Dorothy Lamour
movieId: HaW9  actor: Murvyn Vye
movieId: HaW9  actor: Peter Coe
movieId: HB40  actor: John Barrymore
movieId: HB40  actor: Mary Astor
movieId: HB40  actor: Carmel Myers
movieId: HB40  actor: Willard Louis
movieId: HB70  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: HB80  actor: Charles King
movieId: HB80  actor: Bessie Love
movieId: HB80  actor: Anita Page
movieId: HB80  actor: Jed Prouty
movieId: HB80  actor: Kenneth Thomson
movieId: HB80  actor: Mary Doran
movieId: HB80  actor: Eddie Kane
movieId: HB85  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: HB85  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: HB85  actor: Cliff Edwards
movieId: HB85  actor: William Blakewell
movieId: HB86  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: HB86  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: HB86  actor: Neil Hamilton
movieId: HB95  actor: Russell Hardie
movieId: HB95  actor: Charles Ruggles
movieId: HB95  actor: Mary Carlisle
movieId: HB95  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: HB95  actor: Porter Hall
movieId: HbD10  actor: Dick Gregory
movieId: HBe1  actor: John Savage
movieId: HBe1  actor: James Woods
movieId: HBe1  actor: Ronny Cox
movieId: HBe1  actor: Franklyn Seales
movieId: HBe1  actor: Ted Danson
movieId: HBe2  actor: Robert Foxworth
movieId: HBe2  actor: Paula Prentiss
movieId: HBe2  actor: Harry Dean Stanton
movieId: HBe3  actor: George C. Scott
movieId: HBe3  actor: Timothy Hutton
movieId: HBe3  actor: Ronny Cox
movieId: HBe3  actor: Sean Penn
movieId: HBe3  actor: Tom Cruise
movieId: HBe10  actor: Al Pacino
movieId: HBe10  actor: Ellen Barkin
movieId: HBe10  actor: John Goodman
movieId: HBe10  actor: William Hickey
movieId: HBe10  actor: Richard Jenkins
movieId: HBe10  actor: Christina Estabrook
movieId: HBe10  actor: Michael Rooker
movieId: HBe15  actor: Alec Baldwin
movieId: HBe15  actor: Nicole Kidman
movieId: HBe15  actor: Bebe Neuwith
movieId: HBe15  actor: Bill Pullman
movieId: HBe15  actor: Bebe Neuwirth
movieId: HBe15  actor: Peter Gallagher
movieId: HBe15  actor: Josef Sommer
movieId: HBe15  actor: Anne Bancroft
movieId: HBe15  actor: George C. scott
movieId: HBe18  actor: Al Pacino
movieId: HBe18  actor: John Cusack
movieId: HBe18  actor: Bridget Fonda
movieId: HBe18  actor: Danny Aiello
movieId: HBe18  actor: Martin Landau
movieId: HBe18  actor: Tony Franciosa
movieId: HBe20  actor: Bruce Willis
movieId: HBe20  actor: Alec Baldwin
movieId: HBe20  actor: Miko Hughes
movieId: HBH10  actor: Warner Oland
movieId: HBH15  actor: Warner Oland
movieId: HBH15  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: HBH15  actor: Keye Luke
movieId: HBH15  actor: Charlotte Henry
movieId: HBH15  actor: Thomas Beck
movieId: HBH15  actor: Margaret Irving
movieId: HBH15  actor: Gregory Gaye
movieId: HBH15  actor: Nedda Harrigan
movieId: HBH15  actor: Frank Conroy
movieId: HBH15  actor: Guy Usher
movieId: HBH15  actor: William Demarest
movieId: HBH15  actor: Maurice Cass
movieId: HBH15  actor: Tom McGuire
movieId: HBH20  actor: Warner Oland
movieId: HBH25  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: HBH30  actor: Sonja Henie
movieId: HBH30  actor: Lynn Bari
movieId: HBH30  actor: John Payne
movieId: HBH30  actor: Milton Berle
movieId: HBH30  actor: Joan Davis
movieId: HBH30  actor: Glenn Miller
movieId: HBH31  actor: Betty Grable
movieId: HBH31  actor: Victor Mature
movieId: HBH31  actor: Carole Landis
movieId: HBH31  actor: Laird Cregar
movieId: HBH31  actor: William Gargan
movieId: HBH31  actor: Alan Mowbray
movieId: HBH31  actor: Allyn Joslyn
movieId: HBH31  actor: Elisha Cook~jr
movieId: HBH31  actor: Dorothy Dearing
movieId: HBH31  actor: Pat McKee
movieId: HBH35  actor: John Payne
movieId: HBH35  actor: Alice Faye
movieId: HBH35  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: HBH60  actor: Virginia Mayo
movieId: HBH60  actor: Ronald Reagan
movieId: HBH60  actor: Don Defoe
movieId: HBH60  actor: Phyllis Thaxter
movieId: HBH60  actor: Gene Nelson
movieId: HBH60  actor: Roland Winters
movieId: HBH68  actor: Gordon Scott
movieId: HBH68  actor: George Coulouris
movieId: HBH68  actor: Yolande Donlan
movieId: HBH68  actor: Peter Arne
movieId: HBH68  actor: Wilfrid HydeWhite
movieId: HBH68  actor: Robert Beatty
movieId: HBH70  actor: Gordon Scott
movieId: HBH70  actor: Eve Brent
movieId: HBH70  actor: James Edwards
movieId: HBH70  actor: Carl Benton Reid
movieId: HBH70  actor: Woody Strode
movieId: HBH70  actor: Rickie Sorensen
movieId: HBH72  actor: Gordon Scott
movieId: HBH72  actor: Eve Brent
movieId: HBH72  actor: James Edwards
movieId: HBH72  actor: Carl Benton Reid
movieId: HBH72  actor: Woody Strode
movieId: HBH72  actor: Rickie Sorensen
movieId: HBH75  actor: Dana Andrews
movieId: HBH75  actor: Eleanor Parker
movieId: HBH75  actor: Jean Craine
movieId: HBH75  actor: Eddie Albert
movieId: HBH75  actor: David White
movieId: HBH90  actor: Judd Hirsch
movieId: HBH90  actor: Kate Nelligan
movieId: HBH90  actor: Stockard Channing
movieId: HBH90  actor: David Dukes
movieId: HBH90  actor: Kathleen Widdoes
movieId: HBl10  actor: Alla Nazimova
movieId: HBl10  actor: Charles Bryant
movieId: HBl20  actor: Buster keaton
movieId: HBl20  actor: s a
movieId: HBl20  actor: Beulah Booker
movieId: HBn8  actor: Annette Kellerman
movieId: HBn8  actor: William Walsh
movieId: HBn8  actor: William E. Shay
movieId: HBn8  actor: Edmund Mortimer
movieId: HBn8  actor: Lewis Hooper
movieId: HBn8  actor: Francis Smith
movieId: HBn8  actor: Leah Baiurd
movieId: HBn8  actor: Mrs.~Allen Walker
movieId: HBn8  actor: Millie Eisten
movieId: HBn8  actor: Katherine Lee
movieId: HBn8  actor: Herbert Brenon
movieId: HBn25  actor: Betty Bronson
movieId: HBn25  actor: Mary brian
movieId: HBn25  actor: Ernest Torrence
movieId: HBn25  actor: Esther Ralston
movieId: HBn25  actor: Cyril Chadwick
movieId: HBn25  actor: Anna May Wong
movieId: HBn25  actor: Phillippe deLacy
movieId: HBn30  actor: Ronald Colman
movieId: HBn30  actor: Neil Hamilton
movieId: HBn30  actor: Ralph Forbes
movieId: HBn30  actor: Alice Joyceinnocent girl, left behind
movieId: HBn30  actor: Mary Brian
movieId: HBn30  actor: Noah Beery
movieId: HBn30  actor: William Powell
movieId: HBn30  actor: Victor McLaglen
movieId: HBn40  actor: Lester Vail
movieId: HBn40  actor: Ralph Forbes
movieId: HBn40  actor: Don Alvorado
movieId: HBn40  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: HBn40  actor: Irine Rich
movieId: HBo10  actor: Sholom BarAba
movieId: HBo10  actor: Iret Scheleg
movieId: HBo10  actor: Ofra Veingarten
movieId: HbR1  actor: Peter OToole
movieId: HbR1  actor: Petula Clark
movieId: HbR1  actor: Michael Bryant
movieId: HbR1  actor: Michael Redgrave
movieId: HbR1  actor: George Baker
movieId: HbR1  actor: Jack Hedley
movieId: HbR1  actor: Sian Philllips
movieId: HbR1  actor: Alison Leggatt
movieId: HbR1  actor: Leslie Bricuse
movieId: HbR2  actor: Barbra Streisand
movieId: HbR2  actor: George Segal
movieId: HbR4  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: HbR4  actor: Diane Keaton
movieId: HbR4  actor: Tony Roberts
movieId: HbR4  actor: Jerry Lacy
movieId: HbR4  actor: Susan Anspach
movieId: HbR5  actor: Richard Benjamin
movieId: HbR5  actor: Dyan Cannon
movieId: HbR5  actor: James Coburn
movieId: HbR5  actor: James Mason
movieId: HbR5  actor: Joan Hackett
movieId: HbR5  actor: Ian MacShane
movieId: HbR5  actor: Raquel Welch
movieId: HbR6  actor: Barbra Streisand
movieId: HbR6  actor: James Caan
movieId: HbR6  actor: Ben Vereen
movieId: HbR6  actor: Omar Sharif
movieId: HbR6  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: HbR6  actor: Larry Gates
movieId: HbR7  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: HbR7  actor: George Burns
movieId: HbR7  actor: Richard Benjamin
movieId: HbR8  actor: Nicol Williamson
movieId: HbR8  actor: Alan Arkin
movieId: HbR8  actor: Vanessa Redgrave
movieId: HbR8  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: HbR8  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: HbR8  actor: Joel Grey
movieId: HbR8  actor: Anna Quayle
movieId: HbR8  actor: Samantha Eggar
movieId: HbR8  actor: Georgia Browne
movieId: HbR8  actor: Jeremy Kemp
movieId: HbR8  actor: Charles Gray
movieId: HbR9  actor: Anne Bancroft
movieId: HbR9  actor: Shirley MacLaine
movieId: HbR9  actor: Leslie Browne
movieId: HbR9  actor: Mikhail Barishnikov
movieId: HbR9  actor: Tom Skerritt
movieId: HbR9  actor: Martha Scott
movieId: HbR10  actor: Alan Alda
movieId: HbR10  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: HbR10  actor: Richard Pryor
movieId: HbR10  actor: Bill Cosby
movieId: HbR10  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: HbR10  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: HbR10  actor: Elaine May
movieId: HbR10  actor: Maggie Smith
movieId: HbR15  actor: Richard Dreyfuss
movieId: HbR15  actor: Marsha Mason
movieId: HbR15  actor: Quinn Cummings
movieId: HbR17  actor: Steve Martin
movieId: HbR17  actor: Bernadette Peters
movieId: HbR17  actor: Christopher Walken
movieId: HbR17  actor: Vernel Bagneris
movieId: HbR17  actor: Jessica Harper
movieId: HbR17  actor: Tommy Rall
movieId: HbR17  actor: Robert Fitch
movieId: HbR17  actor: Jay Gardner
movieId: HbR18  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: HbR18  actor: AnnMargret
movieId: HbR21  actor: Lori Singer
movieId: HbR21  actor: Kevin Bacon
movieId: HbR21  actor: John Lithgow
movieId: HbR21  actor: Dianne Wiest
movieId: HbR21  actor: Christopher Penn
movieId: HbR22  actor: Goldie Hawn
movieId: HbR22  actor: Chris Sarandon
movieId: HbR22  actor: Gail Strickland
movieId: HbR22  actor: Richard Romanus
movieId: HbR22  actor: Cliff deYoung
movieId: HbR22  actor: Andr\'e Gregory
movieId: HbR22  actor: Ed Begley~jr.
movieId: HbR22  actor: James Staley
movieId: HbR22  actor: jean Smart
movieId: HbR22  actor: Grainger Hines
movieId: HbR22  actor: Maria OBrien
movieId: HbR22  actor: Richard Hamilton
movieId: HbR22  actor: Joel Brooks
movieId: HbR22  actor: Mary Carver
movieId: HbR30  actor: Dolly Parton
movieId: HbR30  actor: Julia Roberts
movieId: HbR30  actor: Tom Skerritt
movieId: HbR30  actor: Shirley MacLaine
movieId: HbR30  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: HbR30  actor: Olympia Dukakis
movieId: HbR30  actor: Daryl Hannah
movieId: HbR30  actor: Sam Sheppard
movieId: HbR30  actor: Sally Field
movieId: HbR30  actor: Jonathan Ward
movieId: HbR30  actor: Kevin OConnor
movieId: HbR30  actor: Dylan Medermont
movieId: HbR30  actor: Bill McCutcheon
movieId: HbR31  actor: Dolly Parton
movieId: HbR31  actor: James Woods
movieId: HbR31  actor: s a
movieId: HbR32  actor: Kathleen Turner
movieId: HbR32  actor: Dennis Quaid
movieId: HbR32  actor: Stanley Tucci
movieId: HbR32  actor: Fiona Shaw
movieId: HbR32  actor: Larry Miller
movieId: HbR32  actor: Tom Arnold
movieId: HbR34  actor: Whoopi Goldberg
movieId: HbR34  actor: MaryLouise Parker
movieId: HbR34  actor: Drew Barrymore
movieId: HbR34  actor: Matt McConnaghy
movieId: HbR34  actor: Jerry Reamer
movieId: HbR34  actor: Billy Wirth
movieId: HCa10  actor: Mathias Freihof
movieId: HCa10  actor: Dirk Kummer
movieId: HCn10  actor: Per Oscarsson
movieId: HCn10  actor: Gunnel Lindblom
movieId: HCo10  actor: Tom Simcox
movieId: HCo10  actor: Colleen Dewhurst
movieId: HCP1  actor: Brian Aherne
movieId: HCP1  actor: Merle Oberon
movieId: HCP1  actor: David Niven
movieId: HCP1  actor: Karen Morley
movieId: HCP1  actor: Jerome Cowan
movieId: HCP1  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: HCP1  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: HCP4  actor: James Stewart
movieId: HCP4  actor: Margaret Sullavan
movieId: HCP4  actor: Walter Pidgeon
movieId: HCP4  actor: Hattie McDaniel
movieId: HCP4  actor: Sam Levene
movieId: HCP4  actor: Nat Pendleton
movieId: HCP5  actor: Ann Sothern
movieId: HCP5  actor: John Carroll
movieId: HCP5  actor: Rita Johnson
movieId: HCP5  actor: Shepperd Strudwick
movieId: HCP5  actor: J.M. kerrigan
movieId: HCP5  actor: Leonard Mudie
movieId: HCP5  actor: E.E. Clive
movieId: HCP6  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: HCP6  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: HCP6  actor: Edna May Oliver
movieId: HCP6  actor: Walter Brennan
movieId: HCP6  actor: Lew Fields
movieId: HCP6  actor: Etienne Girardot
movieId: HCP6  actor: Donald McBride
movieId: HCP10  actor: Ole Olsen
movieId: HCP10  actor: Chic Johnson
movieId: HCP10  actor: Hugh Herbert
movieId: HCP10  actor: Martha Raye
movieId: HCP10  actor: Mischa Auer
movieId: HCP10  actor: Richard Lane
movieId: HCP10  actor: Shemp Howard
movieId: HCP10  actor: Elisha Cook~jr.
movieId: HCP11  actor: s a
movieId: HCP12  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: HCP12  actor: Laraine Day
movieId: HCP12  actor: Charles Bickford
movieId: HCP12  actor: Gladys Cooper
movieId: HCP12  actor: Alan Carney
movieId: HCP12  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: HCP12  actor: Paul Stewart
movieId: HCP12  actor: Walter Kingsford
movieId: HCP22  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: HCP22  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: HCP22  actor: Ethel Barrymore
movieId: HCP22  actor: Charles Bickford
movieId: HCP22  actor: Rose Hobart
movieId: HCP22  actor: Rhys Williams
movieId: HCP22  actor: Harry Davenport
movieId: HCP22  actor: Tom Powers
movieId: HCP24  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: HCP24  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: HCP24  actor: Melvyn Douglas
movieId: HCP24  actor: Reginald Denny
movieId: HCP24  actor: Louise Beavers
movieId: HCP24  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: HCP24  actor: Nestor Paiva
movieId: HCP25  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: HCP28  actor: Betty Grable
movieId: HCP28  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: HCP28  actor: Marge Champion
movieId: HCP28  actor: Gower Champion
movieId: HCP28  actor: Myron McCormick
movieId: HCP28  actor: Paul Harvey
movieId: HCs1  actor: Margeret Rutherford
movieId: HCs1  actor: Basil Radford
movieId: HCs1  actor: Naunton Wayne
movieId: HCs1  actor: Stanley Holloway
movieId: HCs1  actor: Hermione Baddeley
movieId: HCs1  actor: Raymond Huntley
movieId: HCs1  actor: John Slater
movieId: HCs1  actor: Jane Hylton
movieId: HCs1  actor: Sidney Tafler
movieId: HCs3  actor: Kenneth Moore
movieId: HCs3  actor: Kay Kendall
movieId: HCs4  actor: Julie Harris
movieId: HCs4  actor: Laurence Harvey
movieId: HCs4  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: HCs4  actor: Ron Randell
movieId: HCs4  actor: Anton Diffring
movieId: HCs6  actor: Lionel Jeffries
movieId: HDA6  actor: Fredric March
movieId: HDA6  actor: Nancy Carroll
movieId: HDA6  actor: Frank Morgan
movieId: HDA6  actor: Diane Ellis
movieId: HDA6  actor: Glenn Anders
movieId: HDA7  actor: John Barrymore
movieId: HDA7  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: HDc6  actor: Danielle Darrieaux
movieId: HDc6  actor: Andre Luguet
movieId: HDc6  actor: Claude Dauphin
movieId: HDc6  actor: Julien Carette
movieId: HDc6  actor: Suturnin Fabre
movieId: HDc50  actor: Jean Gabin
movieId: HDc50  actor: Magali Noel
movieId: HDc50  actor: Lila Kedrova
movieId: HDc50  actor: Dalio
movieId: HDc50  actor: Lino Vertus
movieId: HDc50  actor: Pierre Louis
movieId: HDc50  actor: Simone Sylvestre
movieId: HDl10  actor: Goetz George
movieId: HDl10  actor: Uwe Ochsenknecht
movieId: HDl10  actor: Christiane Hoerbiger
movieId: HDu10  actor: Bakary Bamba
movieId: HDu10  actor: Tchelley Hanny
movieId: HeB5  actor: Pixote
movieId: HeB5  actor: Jorge Juliao
movieId: HeB5  actor: Marilia Pera
movieId: HeB5  actor: Fatima deToledo
movieId: HeB5  actor: Hector Babenco
movieId: HeB10  actor: William Hurt
movieId: HeB10  actor: Raul Julia
movieId: HeB12  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: HeB12  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: HeB12  actor: Carroll Baker
movieId: HeB12  actor: Diane Verona
movieId: HeB12  actor: Fred Gwynne
movieId: HeB12  actor: Tom Waits
movieId: HeB15  actor: Daryl Hannah
movieId: HeB15  actor: John Litgow
movieId: HeB15  actor: Kathy Bates
movieId: HeB15  actor: Aidan Quinn
movieId: HeB15  actor: Rul Polnanah
movieId: HeB15  actor: Tom Berenger
movieId: HeB15  actor: Tom Waits
movieId: HeB15  actor: Bekana Santos Kaiapo
movieId: HeB15  actor: Edinei Maria Serrio DosSantos
movieId: HeB15  actor: Elias Monteiro daSilva
movieId: HeD100  actor: Jack Mullaney
movieId: HeD100  actor: Patricia Hitchcock
movieId: HeD100  actor: Dabbs Greer
movieId: HeD100  actor: Jim Haglon
movieId: HeD100  actor: John Compton
movieId: HeD100  actor: Horst Erhardt
movieId: HeD100  actor: Ralph Moody
movieId: HeD100  actor: David Saber
movieId: HeD100  actor: Rudy lee
movieId: HeD100  actor: Kathleen Hartnagel
movieId: HeD100  actor: Norma Leavitt
movieId: HeD101  actor: Constance Ford
movieId: HeD101  actor: Steve Brodie
movieId: HeD101  actor: Howard Townes
movieId: HeD101  actor: Reta Shaw
movieId: HeD101  actor: Percy Helton
movieId: HeD101  actor: Alfred Linder
movieId: HeD102  actor: Phyllis Thaxter
movieId: HeD102  actor: Paul Langton
movieId: HeD102  actor: George Grizzard
movieId: HeD103  actor: Hume Cronyn
movieId: HeD103  actor: Carmen Mathews
movieId: HeD103  actor: Jimmy Gleason
movieId: HeD104  actor: Robert Middleton
movieId: HeD104  actor: Kathleen Hughes
movieId: HeD104  actor: Henry Silva
movieId: HeD104  actor: Don Hmaner
movieId: HeD104  actor: Jack Lambert
movieId: HeD105  actor: Royal Dano
movieId: HeD105  actor: Harry Townes
movieId: HeD105  actor: Inger Stevens
movieId: HeD105  actor: Bobby Ellis
movieId: HeD105  actor: Lisa Golm
movieId: HeD105  actor: Ray Teal
movieId: HeD106  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: HeD106  actor: Jarma Lewis
movieId: HeD106  actor: Robert Horton
movieId: HeD107  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: HeD107  actor: James Gregory
movieId: HeD107  actor: Paul Picerni
movieId: HeD107  actor: Joan Banks
movieId: HeD107  actor: Johnny Silver
movieId: HeD108  actor: Charles Davis
movieId: HeD108  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: HeD108  actor: Frederic Warlock
movieId: HeD108  actor: Pamela Light
movieId: HeD109  actor: Ann Todd
movieId: HeD109  actor: Philip Reed
movieId: HeD109  actor: John McIntire
movieId: HeD110  actor: Jacques Bergerac
movieId: HeD110  actor: Marcel Dalio
movieId: HeD110  actor: Susan Kohner
movieId: HeD111  actor: Sebastian Cabot
movieId: HeD111  actor: Marian Lorne
movieId: HeD112  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: HeD112  actor: Tom Helmore
movieId: HeD112  actor: Julia Adams
movieId: HeD113  actor: Jeanette Nolan
movieId: HeD113  actor: Dorothy Provine
movieId: HeD113  actor: Robert Alda
movieId: HeD113  actor: Fay Wray
movieId: HeD113  actor: Dorothea Lord
movieId: HeD114  actor: Robert Horton
movieId: HeD114  actor: Fay Spain
movieId: HeD114  actor: Joyce Meadows
movieId: HeD115  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: HeD115  actor: Betsy vonFurstenberg
movieId: HeD115  actor: Alan Hewitt
movieId: HeD115  actor: Stephen Bekassy
movieId: HeD115  actor: Selmer Jackson
movieId: HeD115  actor: Peter Walker
movieId: HeD115  actor: Dorothea Lord
movieId: HeD115  actor: Norman duPont
movieId: HeD116  actor: Dick York
movieId: HeD116  actor: Philip Coolidge
movieId: HeD116  actor: Wilton Graff
movieId: HeD117  actor: MacDonald Carey
movieId: HeD118  actor: Dick York
movieId: HeD118  actor: Henry Jones
movieId: HeD118  actor: s a
movieId: HeD118  actor: s a
movieId: HeD118  actor: s a
movieId: HeD119  actor: Wendy Hiller
movieId: HeD119  actor: Gigi Perreau
movieId: HeD119  actor: Robert H. Harris
movieId: HeD119  actor: Jocelyn Brando
movieId: HeD119  actor: Sheila Bromley
movieId: HeD119  actor: Natch Kennedy
movieId: HeD119  actor: David McMann
movieId: HeD119  actor: Josie Lloyd
movieId: HeD119  actor: Julie Payne
movieId: HeD120  actor: Nehemiah Pershoff
movieId: HeD120  actor: Cara Williams
movieId: HeD120  actor: Leonard Strong
movieId: HeD120  actor: Mark Richman
movieId: HeD121  actor: William Shatner
movieId: HeD121  actor: Jesse Royce Landis
movieId: HeD121  actor: Gia Scala
movieId: HeD122  actor: Ricardo Montalban
movieId: HeD122  actor: Constance Ford
movieId: HeD123  actor: Julia Adams
movieId: HeD123  actor: James Franciscus
movieId: HeD123  actor: Susan Gordon
movieId: HeD124  actor: John Larch
movieId: HeD124  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: HeD124  actor: Billy Mumy
movieId: HeD125  actor: Dean Jagger
movieId: HeD126  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: HeD126  actor: Claire Griswold
movieId: HeD127  actor: Phyllis Thaxter
movieId: HeD127  actor: Fess Parker
movieId: HeD127  actor: Gary Merrill
movieId: HeH10  actor: s a
movieId: HeH10  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: HeH10  actor: Jeff Richards
movieId: HeH10  actor: Jarma Lewis
movieId: HeH10  actor: Dean Jagger
movieId: HeH12  actor: Richard Eyer
movieId: HeH12  actor: Philip Abbott
movieId: HeH12  actor: Diane Brewster
movieId: HeH12  actor: Harold J. Stone
movieId: HeH12  actor: Robert H. Harris
movieId: HeH12  actor: s a
movieId: HeL23  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: HeL23  actor: Susan Hayward
movieId: HeL23  actor: John McIntire
movieId: HeL23  actor: Fay Bainter
movieId: HeL23  actor: s a
movieId: HeL30  actor: James Mason
movieId: HeL30  actor: Arlene Dahl
movieId: HeL30  actor: Pat Boone
movieId: HeL30  actor: Peter Ronson
movieId: HeL30  actor: Diane Baker
movieId: HeL30  actor: Thayer David
movieId: HeL33  actor: George Hamilton
movieId: HeL33  actor: Paula Prentiss
movieId: HeL33  actor: Jim Hutton
movieId: HeL33  actor: Dolores Hart
movieId: HeL33  actor: Connie Francis
movieId: HeL33  actor: Yvette Mimieux
movieId: HeL33  actor: Barbara Nichols
movieId: HeL33  actor: Sean Flynn
movieId: HeL33  actor: Chil Wills
movieId: HeL50  actor: Dean Martin
movieId: HeL50  actor: AnnMargret
movieId: HeL50  actor: Karl Malden
movieId: HeL50  actor: Camilla Sparv
movieId: HeL50  actor: James Gregory
movieId: HeM20  actor: Tom Walls
movieId: HeM20  actor: Renee StCyr
movieId: HeM20  actor: Leon M. Lion
movieId: HeM20  actor: Googie Withers
movieId: HeM20  actor: C.V. France
movieId: HeM20  actor: Ronald Adam
movieId: HeM20  actor: Irene Handl
movieId: HeM20  actor: George Curzon
movieId: HeM20  actor: Martita Hunt
movieId: HeM30  actor: Arthur Askey
movieId: HeM30  actor: Moore marriott
movieId: HeM30  actor: Graham Moffatt
movieId: HeM30  actor: Googie Withers
movieId: HeM30  actor: Vera Frances
movieId: HEs10  actor: Biff Elliott
movieId: HEs10  actor: Peggie Castle
movieId: HEs10  actor: Preston Foster
movieId: HEs10  actor: Elisha Cook~jr
movieId: HEs10  actor: Leigh Ann Conley
movieId: HeW1  actor: Alan King
movieId: HeW1  actor: Billy Crystal
movieId: HeW1  actor: JoBeth Williams
movieId: HeW1  actor: Phil Fondacaro
movieId: HeW1  actor: Robert Pastorelli
movieId: HeW1  actor: s a
movieId: HeW1  actor: Dan Ackroyd
movieId: HeW1  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: HeW5  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: HeW5  actor: Norman D. Golden~II
movieId: HeE10  actor: Seymour Hicks
movieId: HeE10  actor: Donald Calthrop
movieId: HeE10  actor: Oscar Asche
movieId: HeE10  actor: Mary Ney
movieId: HeE10  actor: C.V. France
movieId: HeK10  actor: O.W. Fischer
movieId: HeK10  actor: Frederick Domin
movieId: HFa1  actor: Owen Wilson
movieId: HFa1  actor: Janeane Garofalo
movieId: HFa1  actor: Mercedes Ruehl
movieId: HfK10  actor: Steven Mackintosh
movieId: HfK10  actor: Justin Chadwick
movieId: HfK10  actor: Emer McCourt
movieId: HfK10  actor: Roshan Seth
movieId: HFr18  actor: Joan Fontaine
movieId: HFr18  actor: Louis Jourdan
movieId: HFr18  actor: Joan Collins
movieId: HFr18  actor: Binnie Barnes
movieId: HFr20  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: HFr20  actor: Barbara Stanwyk
movieId: HFr20  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: HFr20  actor: Ruth Roman
movieId: HFr20  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: HFr30  actor: Jack Palance
movieId: HFr50  actor: s a
movieId: HGC2  actor: Pierre Fresnay
movieId: HGC3  actor: Bernard Blier
movieId: HGC3  actor: Suzy Delair
movieId: HGC3  actor: Louis Jouvet
movieId: HGC3  actor: Charles Dullin
movieId: HGC3  actor: Simone Renant
movieId: HGC5  actor: Pierre Fresney
movieId: HGC5  actor: Suzy Delair
movieId: HGC5  actor: Pierre Larquey
movieId: HGC5  actor: Noel Roquevert
movieId: HGC6  actor: Suzy Delair
movieId: HGC6  actor: Bernard Blier
movieId: HGC6  actor: Charles Dullin
movieId: HGC6  actor: Simone Renant
movieId: HGC14  actor: Cecile Aubry
movieId: HGC14  actor: Michel Auclair
movieId: HGC16  actor: Yves Montand
movieId: HGC16  actor: Charles Vanel
movieId: HGC16  actor: Folco Lulli
movieId: HGC16  actor: Peter vanEyck
movieId: HGC16  actor: Vera Clouzot
movieId: HGC16  actor: William Tubbs
movieId: HGC17  actor: Simone Signoret
movieId: HGC17  actor: Vera Clouzot
movieId: HGC17  actor: Paul Meurisse
movieId: HGC19  actor: Pablo Picasso
movieId: HGC19  actor: HenriGeorges Clouzot
movieId: HGe10  actor: Oyafunmike Ogunlano
movieId: HGe10  actor: Mutubaruka
movieId: HGe10  actor: Alexandra Duah
movieId: HGe10  actor: s a
movieId: HgH10  actor: Hugo Haas
movieId: HgH10  actor: Beverly Michaels
movieId: HgH10  actor: Robert Dane
movieId: HgH10  actor: Johnny Close
movieId: HGL6  actor: Connie Mason
movieId: HGL6  actor: Thomas Wood
movieId: HGL6  actor: Jeffrey Allen
movieId: HGL6  actor: Pleasant Valley Boys
movieId: HGL6  actor: s a
movieId: HGL6  actor: s a
movieId: HGL6  actor: s a
movieId: HGL6  actor: s a
movieId: HGL10  actor: Betty Connell
movieId: HGL10  actor: Nancy Lee Noble
movieId: HGL10  actor: Christie Wagner
movieId: HGr5  actor: Marlo Thomas
movieId: HGr5  actor: Charles Grodin
movieId: HgS10  actor: John Beck
movieId: HgS10  actor: Priscilla Barnes
movieId: HgS10  actor: Whit Bissell
movieId: HgS10  actor: Rosemary DeCamp
movieId: HgS10  actor: Jack Kruschen
movieId: HH9  actor: Richard Barthelmess
movieId: HH9  actor: Douglas Fairbanks~jr.
movieId: HH9  actor: Neil Hamilton
movieId: HH9  actor: William Hanney
movieId: HH9  actor: James Finlayson
movieId: HH9  actor: Clyde Cook
movieId: HH9  actor: Edmund Breon
movieId: HH9  actor: Frank McHugh
movieId: HH12  actor: Paul Muni
movieId: HH12  actor: Ann Dvorak
movieId: HH12  actor: George Raft
movieId: HH12  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: HH12  actor: Osgood Perkins
movieId: HH12  actor: Karen Morley
movieId: HH12  actor: C.Henry Gordon
movieId: HH12  actor: Vince Barnett
movieId: HH12  actor: Henry Armetta
movieId: HH12  actor: Edwin Maxwell
movieId: HH13  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: HH13  actor: Zita Johann
movieId: HH13  actor: Richard Arlen
movieId: HH13  actor: J.Carrol Naish
movieId: HH14  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: HH14  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: HH14  actor: Robert Young
movieId: HH14  actor: Franchot Tone
movieId: HH14  actor: Roscor Karns
movieId: HH14  actor: s a
movieId: HH14  actor: Louise Closser
movieId: HH14  actor: Rollo Lloyd
movieId: HH15  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: HH15  actor: Carole Lombard
movieId: HH15  actor: Roscoe Karns
movieId: HH15  actor: Walter Connolly
movieId: HH15  actor: Ralph Forbes
movieId: HH15  actor: Etienne Girardot
movieId: HH15  actor: Charles Lane
movieId: HH15  actor: Edgar Kennedy
movieId: HH21  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: HH21  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: HH21  actor: Charles Ruggles
movieId: HH21  actor: Barry Fitzgerald
movieId: HH21  actor: May Robson
movieId: HH21  actor: Walter Catlett
movieId: HH21  actor: Fritz Feld
movieId: HH21  actor: Jonathan Hale
movieId: HH21  actor: Barry Fitzgerald
movieId: HH21  actor: Tala Birnell
movieId: HH21  actor: Geoge Irving
movieId: HH21  actor: Asta
movieId: HH22  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: HH22  actor: Jean Arthur
movieId: HH22  actor: Rita Hayworth
movieId: HH22  actor: Richard Barthelmess
movieId: HH22  actor: Thomas Mitchell
movieId: HH22  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: HH22  actor: Victor Killian
movieId: HH22  actor: John Carrol
movieId: HH22  actor: Allyn Joslyn
movieId: HH23  actor: Rosalind Russell
movieId: HH23  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: HH23  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: HH23  actor: Gene Lockhart
movieId: HH23  actor: Porter Hall
movieId: HH23  actor: Ernest Truex
movieId: HH23  actor: Frank Orth
movieId: HH23  actor: Cliff Edwards
movieId: HH23  actor: Clarence Kolb
movieId: HH23  actor: Roscoe Karns
movieId: HH23  actor: Frank Jenks
movieId: HH23  actor: Abner Bieberman
movieId: HH23  actor: John Qualen
movieId: HH23  actor: Helen Mack
movieId: HH23  actor: Billy Gilbert
movieId: HH23  actor: Alma Kruger
movieId: HH23  actor: none
movieId: HH25  actor: Barbara Stanwyk
movieId: HH25  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: HH25  actor: Oscar Homolka
movieId: HH25  actor: Henry Travers
movieId: HH25  actor: S.Z. Sakall
movieId: HH25  actor: Tully Marshall
movieId: HH25  actor: Leonid Kinskey
movieId: HH25  actor: Richard Haydn
movieId: HH25  actor: Aubrey Mather
movieId: HH25  actor: s a
movieId: HH25  actor: Allen Jenkins
movieId: HH25  actor: Dana Andrews
movieId: HH25  actor: Dan Duryea
movieId: HH25  actor: Kathleen Howard
movieId: HH25  actor: Alan Rein
movieId: HH25  actor: Gene Krupa
movieId: HH27  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: HH27  actor: Lauren Bacall
movieId: HH27  actor: Walter Brennan
movieId: HH27  actor: Hoagy Carmichael
movieId: HH27  actor: Dolores Moran
movieId: HH27  actor: Sheldon Leonard
movieId: HH27  actor: Marcel Dalio
movieId: HH28  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: HH28  actor: Lauren Bacall
movieId: HH28  actor: Martha Vickers
movieId: HH28  actor: John Ridgeley
movieId: HH28  actor: Dorothy Malone
movieId: HH28  actor: Regis Toomey
movieId: HH28  actor: Charles Waldron
movieId: HH28  actor: Charles D. Brown
movieId: HH28  actor: Elisha Cook~jr
movieId: HH28  actor: Louis Jean Heydt
movieId: HH28  actor: Bob Steele
movieId: HH28  actor: Peggy Knudsen
movieId: HH28  actor: Sonia Darren
movieId: HH29  actor: Danny Kaye
movieId: HH29  actor: Virginia Mayo
movieId: HH29  actor: Hugh Herbert
movieId: HH29  actor: Steve Cochran
movieId: HH29  actor: Felix Bressart
movieId: HH29  actor: J.Edmund Bromberg
movieId: HH29  actor: Mary Field
movieId: HH29  actor: Ludwig Stoessell
movieId: HH29  actor: Louis Armstrong
movieId: HH29  actor: Bennie Goodman
movieId: HH29  actor: Lionel Hampton
movieId: HH29  actor: Tommy Dorsey
movieId: HH29  actor: Mel Powell
movieId: HH30  actor: John Wayne
movieId: HH30  actor: Montgomery Clift
movieId: HH30  actor: Joanne Dru
movieId: HH30  actor: John Ireland
movieId: HH30  actor: Walter Brennan
movieId: HH30  actor: s a
movieId: HH30  actor: Harry Carey~jr.
movieId: HH31  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: HH31  actor: Ann Sheridan
movieId: HH31  actor: Marion Marshall
movieId: HH31  actor: Randy Stuart
movieId: HH33  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: HH33  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: HH33  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: HH33  actor: Harry Carey~jr.
movieId: HH33  actor: Charles Coburn
movieId: HH33  actor: Hugh Marlowe
movieId: HH34  actor: Jane Russell
movieId: HH34  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: HH34  actor: Charles Coburn
movieId: HH34  actor: Tommy Noonan
movieId: HH34  actor: Norma Varden
movieId: HH34  actor: Elliott Reid
movieId: HH34  actor: George Winslow
movieId: HH36  actor: John Wayne
movieId: HH36  actor: Ricky Nelson
movieId: HH36  actor: Dean Martin
movieId: HH36  actor: Angie Dickenson
movieId: HH36  actor: Walter Brennan
movieId: HH37  actor: John Wayne
movieId: HH37  actor: Red Buttons
movieId: HH37  actor: Elsa Martinelli
movieId: HH37  actor: Hardy Kruger
movieId: HH41  actor: John Wayne
movieId: HH41  actor: John Mitchum
movieId: HH41  actor: John Hyams
movieId: HH42  actor: John Wayne
movieId: HH42  actor: Jennifer ONeill
movieId: HHa3  actor: Randolph Scott
movieId: HHa3  actor: Noah Beery
movieId: HHa3  actor: s a
movieId: HHa5  actor: Jon Hall
movieId: HHa5  actor: Maria Montez
movieId: HHa5  actor: Sabu
movieId: HHa10  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: HHa10  actor: Shirley Temple
movieId: HHa10  actor: Carole Lombard
movieId: HHa10  actor: Guy Standing
movieId: HHa10  actor: Charlotte Granville
movieId: HHa10  actor: Gilbert Emery
movieId: HHa10  actor: Henry Kolker
movieId: HHa12  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: HHa12  actor: Franchot Tone
movieId: HHa12  actor: Richard Cromwell
movieId: HHa12  actor: Sir Guy Standing
movieId: HHa12  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: HHa12  actor: Monte Blue
movieId: HHa12  actor: Kathleen Burke
movieId: HHa12  actor: Colin Tapley
movieId: HHa12  actor: Douglass Dumbrille
movieId: HHa12  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: HHa12  actor: Noble Johnson
movieId: HHa13  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: HHa13  actor: Ann Harding
movieId: HHa13  actor: Ida Lupino
movieId: HHa13  actor: John Halliday
movieId: HHa13  actor: Douglass Dumbrille
movieId: HHa13  actor: Donald Meek
movieId: HHa13  actor: Leonid Kinskey
movieId: HHa15  actor: Mae West
movieId: HHa15  actor: Randolph Scott
movieId: HHa15  actor: Warren William
movieId: HHa15  actor: Lyle Talbot
movieId: HHa15  actor: Alice Brady
movieId: HHa15  actor: Isabel Jewell
movieId: HHa15  actor: Elizabeth Patterson
movieId: HHa16  actor: Sylvia Sidney
movieId: HHa16  actor: Fred MacMurray
movieId: HHa16  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: HHa16  actor: Fred Stone
movieId: HHa16  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: HHa16  actor: Beulah Bondi
movieId: HHa16  actor: Robert Barrat
movieId: HHa16  actor: Spanky McFarland
movieId: HHa16  actor: Fuzzy Knight
movieId: HHa20  actor: Dean Jagger
movieId: HHa20  actor: Tyrone Power
movieId: HHa20  actor: Linda Darnell
movieId: HHa20  actor: Brian Donlevy
movieId: HHa20  actor: Jane Darwell
movieId: HHa20  actor: John Carradine
movieId: HHa20  actor: Mary Astor
movieId: HHa20  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: HHa20  actor: Moroni Olsen
movieId: HHa20  actor: Jean Rogers
movieId: HHa20  actor: Ann Todd
movieId: HHa20  actor: Davidson Clark
movieId: HHa20  actor: Dick Rich
movieId: HHa20  actor: Frederick Burton
movieId: HHa20  actor: Chief Big Tree
movieId: HHa20  actor: Ralph Dunn
movieId: HHa21  actor: Tyrone Power
movieId: HHa21  actor: Dorothy Lamour
movieId: HHa21  actor: Edward Arnold
movieId: HHa21  actor: Lloyd Nolan
movieId: HHa21  actor: Charles grapwin
movieId: HHa21  actor: Lionel Atwill
movieId: HHa21  actor: Marc Lawrence
movieId: HHa21  actor: Jonathan Hale
movieId: HHa27  actor: George Raft
movieId: HHa27  actor: Joan Bennett
movieId: HHa27  actor: Peggy Ann Garner
movieId: HHa27  actor: Vivian Blayne
movieId: HHa27  actor: Alan Reed
movieId: HHa27  actor: B.S. Pully
movieId: HHa27  actor: Edgar Barrier
movieId: HHa28  actor: Lloyd Nolan
movieId: HHa28  actor: Signe Hasso
movieId: HHa28  actor: William Eythe
movieId: HHa28  actor: Lloyd Nolan
movieId: HHa28  actor: Signe Hasso
movieId: HHa28  actor: Leo G. Carroll
movieId: HHa28  actor: Gene Lockhart
movieId: HHa28  actor: Lydia St.Clair
movieId: HHa28  actor: Harry Bellaver
movieId: HHa31  actor: Victor Mature
movieId: HHa31  actor: Richard Widmark
movieId: HHa31  actor: Brian Donlevy
movieId: HHa31  actor: Colleen Gray
movieId: HHa31  actor: Karl Malden
movieId: HHa32  actor: James Stewart
movieId: HHa32  actor: Lee J. Cobb
movieId: HHa32  actor: Helen Walker
movieId: HHa32  actor: Kazi Orzazewski
movieId: HHa32  actor: Betty Garde
movieId: HHa32  actor: Richard Conte
movieId: HHa38  actor: James Mason
movieId: HHa38  actor: Cedric Hardwick
movieId: HHa38  actor: Jessica tandy
movieId: HHa38  actor: Luther Adler
movieId: HHa38  actor: Everett Sloane
movieId: HHa38  actor: Leo G. Carrol
movieId: HHa38  actor: George Macready
movieId: HHa38  actor: Richard Boone
movieId: HHa38  actor: Eduard Franz
movieId: HHa38  actor: Desmond Young
movieId: HHa39  actor: Richard Basehart
movieId: HHa39  actor: Paul Douglas
movieId: HHa39  actor: Barbara BelGeddes
movieId: HHa39  actor: Grace Kelly
movieId: HHa39  actor: Debra Paget
movieId: HHa39  actor: Agnes Moorehead
movieId: HHa39  actor: Robert Keith
movieId: HHa39  actor: Howard daSilva
movieId: HHa39  actor: Jeffrey Hunter
movieId: HHa39  actor: Martin Gabel
movieId: HHa39  actor: Jeff Corey
movieId: HHa43  actor: Jean Peters
movieId: HHa43  actor: Joseph Cotton
movieId: HHa43  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: HHa43  actor: Don Wilson
movieId: HHa43  actor: Casey Adams
movieId: HHa47  actor: Brian Aherne
movieId: HHa47  actor: Jarma Lewis
movieId: HHa47  actor: Don Megowan
movieId: HHa50  actor: John Wayne
movieId: HHa50  actor: Sophia Loren
movieId: HHa50  actor: Rossano Brazzi
movieId: HHa50  actor: Kurt Kazan
movieId: HHa50  actor: Sonja Moser
movieId: HHa53  actor: John Wayne
movieId: HHa53  actor: Stewart Granger
movieId: HHa53  actor: Capucine
movieId: HHa54  actor: Debbie Reynolds
movieId: HHa54  actor: Carroll Baker
movieId: HHa54  actor: Lee J. Cobb
movieId: HHa54  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: HHa54  actor: Carolyn Jones
movieId: HHa54  actor: Karl Malden
movieId: HHa54  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: HHa54  actor: George Peppard
movieId: HHa54  actor: Robert Preston
movieId: HHa54  actor: James Stewart
movieId: HHa54  actor: Eli Wallach
movieId: HHa54  actor: John Wayne
movieId: HHa54  actor: Richard Widmark
movieId: HHa54  actor: Brigid Bazlen
movieId: HHa54  actor: Walter Brennan
movieId: HHa54  actor: David Brian
movieId: HHa54  actor: Andy Devine
movieId: HHa54  actor: Raymond Massey
movieId: HHa54  actor: Agnes Moorehead
movieId: HHa54  actor: Henry Morgan
movieId: HHa54  actor: Thelma Ritter
movieId: HHa54  actor: Russ Tamblyn
movieId: HHa54  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: HHa56  actor: Lawrence Harvey
movieId: HHa56  actor: Kim Novak
movieId: HHa56  actor: Nanette Newman
movieId: HHa56  actor: Roger Livesey
movieId: HHa56  actor: Jack Hedley
movieId: HHa56  actor: Robert Morley
movieId: HHa56  actor: Siobhan McKenna
movieId: HHa56  actor: Ronald Lacey
movieId: HHa60  actor: Stewart Granger
movieId: HHa60  actor: Kaz Garas
movieId: HHa60  actor: Gabriella Licudi
movieId: HHa60  actor: Johnny Sekka
movieId: HHa60  actor: Liam Redmond
movieId: HHa60  actor: Eugene Dekkers
movieId: HHa65  actor: John Wayne
movieId: HHa65  actor: Glen Campbell
movieId: HHa65  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: HHa65  actor: Kim Darby
movieId: HHa65  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: HHa65  actor: Jeremy Slate
movieId: HHa65  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: HHa65  actor: Strother Martin
movieId: HHa65  actor: Jeff Corey
movieId: HHa72  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: HHa72  actor: Pat Quinn
movieId: HHa72  actor: Robert F. Lyons
movieId: HHa72  actor: Susan Tyrell
movieId: HHa72  actor: Jeff Corey
movieId: HHa72  actor: James Gregory
movieId: HHa72  actor: Rita Gam
movieId: HHe1  actor: Candace Hilligoss
movieId: HHe1  actor: Sidney Berger
movieId: HHe1  actor: Frances Feist
movieId: HHe1  actor: Herk Harvey
movieId: HHe1  actor: Stanley Leavitt
movieId: HHe1  actor: Art Ellison
movieId: HHo3  actor: Ida Lupino
movieId: HHo3  actor: Robert Ryan
movieId: HHo3  actor: Taylor Holmes
movieId: HHo3  actor: Barbara Whiting
movieId: HHo5  actor: Jeanne Crain
movieId: HHo5  actor: Jean Peters
movieId: HHo5  actor: Richard Boone
movieId: HHo5  actor: Elliott Reid
movieId: HHo5  actor: Casey Adams
movieId: HHo5  actor: Alex dArcy
movieId: HHo5  actor: Carl Betz
movieId: HHo5  actor: Aaron Spelling
movieId: HHo10  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: HHo10  actor: Carol Ohmart
movieId: HHo10  actor: Jay Robinson
movieId: HHo10  actor: Arthur Franz
movieId: HHo10  actor: Nehemiah Persoff
movieId: HHo10  actor: Kathryn Grant
movieId: HHo10  actor: Paul Stewart
movieId: HHS1  actor: Meg Gehrts
movieId: HHS1  actor: Hans Hermann Schomburgk
movieId: HHS3  actor: Kay Nebel
movieId: HHS3  actor: Meg Gehrts
movieId: HHS6  actor: Kay Nebel
movieId: HHS6  actor: Meg Gehrts
movieId: HHS6  actor: Hans Hermann Schomburgk
movieId: HHS8  actor: Hans Hermann Schomburgk
movieId: HHS8  actor: Meg Gehrts
movieId: HHS8  actor: Kay Nebel
movieId: HHu1  actor: James Hall
movieId: HHu1  actor: Jean Harlow
movieId: HHu1  actor: Ben Lyon
movieId: HHu1  actor: John Darrow
movieId: HHu1  actor: Lucien Prival
movieId: HHu2  actor: Jane Russell
movieId: HHu2  actor: Jack Beutel
movieId: HHu2  actor: Thomas Mitchell
movieId: HHu2  actor: Walter Huston
movieId: HIL5  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: HIL5  actor: Jean Hersholt
movieId: HIL5  actor: Warren Hymer
movieId: HIL5  actor: Amanda Duff
movieId: HIL5  actor: Richard Lane
movieId: HIL5  actor: Leon Ames
movieId: HIL5  actor: Douglas Dumbrille
movieId: HIL5  actor: Charles D. Brown
movieId: HIL5  actor: Paul Harvey
movieId: HIL5  actor: Robert Lowey
movieId: HIL5  actor: Eddie Marr
movieId: HIL5  actor: Harry Woods
movieId: HIL25  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: HiT15  actor: Eiji Okada
movieId: HiT15  actor: Kyoko Kishoda
movieId: HiT20  actor: s a
movieId: HiT20  actor: Machiko Kyo
movieId: HiT35  actor: Tsutomu Yamazaki
movieId: HiT35  actor: Rentaro Mikuni
movieId: HJ1  actor: Orson Wells
movieId: HJ1  actor: Tuesday Weld
movieId: HJ5  actor: Karen Black
movieId: HJ5  actor: Michael Emil
movieId: HJ5  actor: Michael Margotta
movieId: HJ5  actor: Frances Fisher
movieId: HJ7  actor: Michael Emil
movieId: HJ7  actor: Jack Norman
movieId: HJ7  actor: Patrice Townsend
movieId: HJ9  actor: Henry Jaglom
movieId: HJ9  actor: Andrea Marcovicci
movieId: HJ10  actor: Henry Jaglom
movieId: HJ10  actor: Maggie Jacobson
movieId: HJ10  actor: Gwen Wells
movieId: HJ10  actor: Melany Winter
movieId: HJ10  actor: David Buchowsky
movieId: HJ10  actor: Harvey Miller
movieId: HJ10  actor: Milos Foreman
movieId: HJ12  actor: Gwen Welles
movieId: HJ12  actor: Mary Crosby
movieId: HJ12  actor: Nelly Alard
movieId: HJ12  actor: Lisa Richards
movieId: HJ12  actor: Frances Bergen
movieId: HJ12  actor: Marlena Giovi
movieId: HJ12  actor: Daphna Kastner
movieId: HJ14  actor: Victoria Foyt
movieId: HJ14  actor: Frances Fisher
movieId: HJ14  actor: Eric Roberts
movieId: HJ14  actor: Matt Salinger
movieId: HJ18  actor: Victoria Foyt
movieId: HJ18  actor: Stephen Dillane
movieId: HJ18  actor: Vanessa Redgrave
movieId: HJ18  actor: Noel Harrison
movieId: HJ18  actor: Anna Massey
movieId: HJB50  actor: Rosaura Revueltos
movieId: HJL10  actor: George Sanders
movieId: HJL10  actor: Leslie Parrish
movieId: HJL10  actor: Gina Roman
movieId: HJL10  actor: Manola Fabregas
movieId: HJS10  actor: s a
movieId: HJS10  actor: Edith Clever
movieId: HJS10  actor: s a
movieId: HK25  actor: Belle Bennett
movieId: HK25  actor: Richard Coleman
movieId: HK25  actor: Lois Moran
movieId: HK25  actor: Jean Hersholt
movieId: HK25  actor: Douglas Fairbanks~jr.
movieId: HK25  actor: Alice Joyce
movieId: HK50  actor: Will Rogers
movieId: HK50  actor: Janet Gaynor
movieId: HK50  actor: Lew Ayres
movieId: HK50  actor: Sally Eilers
movieId: HK50  actor: Norman Foster
movieId: HK50  actor: Louise Dresser
movieId: HK50  actor: Frank Craven
movieId: HK50  actor: Victor Jory
movieId: HK50  actor: Hobart Cavenaugh
movieId: HK56  actor: Rocelle Hudson
movieId: HK56  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: HK56  actor: Slim Summerville
movieId: HK56  actor: Edward Trevor
movieId: HK56  actor: Margaret Hamilton
movieId: HK56  actor: Andy Devine
movieId: HK56  actor: Spring Byington
movieId: HK56  actor: Russell Simpson
movieId: HK56  actor: Sara Haden
movieId: HK58  actor: Tyrone Power
movieId: HK58  actor: Madeleine Carroll
movieId: HK58  actor: George Sanders
movieId: HK58  actor: Freddie Bartolomew
movieId: HK58  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: HK58  actor: Guy Standing
movieId: HK58  actor: John Burton
movieId: HK58  actor: Virginia Field
movieId: HK58  actor: Montagu Love
movieId: HK58  actor: Gavin Muir
movieId: HK58  actor: Miles Mander
movieId: HK58  actor: Una OConnor
movieId: HK58  actor: E.E. Clive
movieId: HK58  actor: s a
movieId: HK58  actor: s a
movieId: HK66  actor: Tyrone Power
movieId: HK66  actor: Alice Brady
movieId: HK66  actor: Alice Faye
movieId: HK66  actor: Don Ameche
movieId: HK66  actor: Andy Devine
movieId: HK66  actor: Brian Donlevy
movieId: HK66  actor: Phyllis Brooks
movieId: HK66  actor: Tom Brown
movieId: HK66  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: HK66  actor: Berton Churchill
movieId: HK66  actor: Rondo Hatton
movieId: HK66  actor: Eddie Collins
movieId: HK66  actor: Paul Hurst
movieId: HK67  actor: Tyrone Power
movieId: HK67  actor: Alice Faye
movieId: HK67  actor: Don Ameche
movieId: HK67  actor: Ethel Merman
movieId: HK67  actor: Jack Haley
movieId: HK67  actor: Jean Hersholt
movieId: HK67  actor: Helen Westley
movieId: HK67  actor: John Carradine
movieId: HK67  actor: Paul Hurst
movieId: HK67  actor: Wally Vernon
movieId: HK67  actor: Ruth Terry
movieId: HK67  actor: Eddie Collins
movieId: HK67  actor: Douglas Fowley
movieId: HK67  actor: Chick Chandler
movieId: HK67  actor: Dixie Dunbar
movieId: HK69  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: HK69  actor: Cedric Hardwicke
movieId: HK69  actor: Richard Greene
movieId: HK69  actor: Nancy Kelly
movieId: HK69  actor: Walter Brennan
movieId: HK69  actor: Charles Coburn
movieId: HK69  actor: Henry Hull
movieId: HK69  actor: Henry Travers
movieId: HK69  actor: Miles Mander
movieId: HK69  actor: Holmes Herbert
movieId: HK72  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: HK72  actor: Linda Darnell
movieId: HK72  actor: Dorothy Lamour
movieId: HK72  actor: Jane Darwell
movieId: HK75  actor: Tyrone Power
movieId: HK75  actor: Maureen OHara
movieId: HK75  actor: Laird Cregar
movieId: HK75  actor: Thomas Mitchell
movieId: HK75  actor: George Sanders
movieId: HK75  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: HK75  actor: George Zucco
movieId: HK75  actor: Edward Ashley
movieId: HK76  actor: Jennifer Jones
movieId: HK76  actor: Anne Revere
movieId: HK77  actor: Alexander Knox
movieId: HK77  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: HK82  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: HK82  actor: Hugh Marlowe
movieId: HK82  actor: Gary Merrill
movieId: HK82  actor: Millard Mitchell
movieId: HK82  actor: Robert Arthur
movieId: HK82  actor: Dean Jagger
movieId: HK82  actor: Paul Stewart
movieId: HK82  actor: John Kellogg
movieId: HK86  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: HK86  actor: Susan Hayward
movieId: HK86  actor: Raymond Massey
movieId: HK86  actor: Jayne Meadows
movieId: HK86  actor: Francis X. Bushman
movieId: HK86  actor: James Robertson Justice
movieId: HK86  actor: Kieron Moore
movieId: HK86  actor: John Sutton
movieId: HK86  actor: Dennis Hoey
movieId: HK86  actor: George Zucco
movieId: HK89  actor: Ava Gardner
movieId: HK89  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: HK89  actor: Susan Hayward
movieId: HK89  actor: Hildegard Knef
movieId: HK89  actor: Leo G. Carroll
movieId: HK89  actor: Torin Thatcher
movieId: HK89  actor: Marcel Dalio
movieId: HK91  actor: William Holden
movieId: HK91  actor: Jennifer Jones
movieId: HK91  actor: Torin Thatcher
movieId: HK91  actor: Isobel Elsom
movieId: HK91  actor: Murray Matheson
movieId: HK91  actor: Virginia Gregg
movieId: HK91  actor: Richard Loo
movieId: HK92  actor: Susan Hayward
movieId: HK92  actor: Tyrone Power
movieId: HK92  actor: Richard Egan
movieId: HK92  actor: John Justin
movieId: HK92  actor: Agnes Moorehead
movieId: HK92  actor: Rita Moreno
movieId: HK92  actor: Hope Emerson
movieId: HK92  actor: Brad Dexter
movieId: HK92  actor: Henry ONeill
movieId: HK94  actor: Tyrone Power
movieId: HK94  actor: Ava Gardner
movieId: HK94  actor: Errol Flynn
movieId: HK94  actor: Eddie Albert
movieId: HK94  actor: Mel Ferrer
movieId: Hka3  actor: s a
movieId: HKa10  actor: s a
movieId: HKa12  actor: s a
movieId: HKl17  actor: Esther Williams
movieId: HKl17  actor: James Saxon
movieId: HKl17  actor: George Nader
movieId: HKl17  actor: Edward Andrews
movieId: HKl17  actor: Les Tremayne
movieId: HKl17  actor: Jack Albertson
movieId: HKl17  actor: Dani Crayne
movieId: HKl23  actor: Charles Drake
movieId: HKl23  actor: Coleen Miller
movieId: HKl23  actor: Rod Taylor
movieId: HKl23  actor: Josephine Hitchinson
movieId: HKl23  actor: Jocelyn Brando
movieId: HKl30  actor: Sandra Dee
movieId: HKl30  actor: John Gavin
movieId: HKl30  actor: Charles Drake
movieId: HKl30  actor: Virginia Grey
movieId: HKl30  actor: Beulah Bondi
movieId: HKl30  actor: Julia Meade
movieId: HKl30  actor: Cecil Kellaway
movieId: HKl30  actor: Edgar Buchanan
movieId: HKl40  actor: Sandra Dee
movieId: HKl40  actor: Peter Fonda
movieId: HKl40  actor: Macdonald Carey
movieId: HKl40  actor: Beulah Bondi
movieId: HKl40  actor: Margaret Lindsay
movieId: HKl40  actor: Reginald Owen
movieId: HKl40  actor: Adam West
movieId: HKo6  actor: Deanna Burbin
movieId: HKo6  actor: Nan Grey
movieId: HKo9  actor: Nan Grey
movieId: HKo10  actor: Deanna Durbin Schell
movieId: HKo10  actor: Robert Stack
movieId: HKo10  actor: Eugene Pallette
movieId: HKo10  actor: Helen Parrish
movieId: HKo12  actor: Deanna Durbin
movieId: HKo12  actor: Bob Cummings
movieId: HKo12  actor: Mischa Auer
movieId: HKo13  actor: Deanna Durbin
movieId: HKo13  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: HKo13  actor: Bob Cummins
movieId: HKo13  actor: Margaret Tallichet
movieId: HKo13  actor: Guy Kibee
movieId: HKo13  actor: Walter Catlett
movieId: HKo13  actor: Catherine Doucet
movieId: HKo17  actor: Tyrone Power
movieId: HKo17  actor: Cecil Kellaway
movieId: HKo17  actor: Anne Baxter
movieId: HKo17  actor: Lee J. Cobb
movieId: HKo17  actor: James Todd
movieId: HKo17  actor: Jayne Meadows
movieId: HKo17  actor: J.M. Kerrigan
movieId: HKo17  actor: Phil Brown
movieId: HKo18  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: HKo18  actor: David Niven
movieId: HKo18  actor: Lotetta Young
movieId: HKo18  actor: Monty Wooley
movieId: HKo18  actor: James Gleason
movieId: HKo18  actor: Gladys Cooper
movieId: HKo18  actor: Elsa Lanchester
movieId: HKo18  actor: Sara Haden
movieId: HKo18  actor: Regis Toomey
movieId: HKo21  actor: Danny Kaye
movieId: HKo21  actor: Elsa Lanchester
movieId: HKo21  actor: Barbara Bates
movieId: HKo21  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: HKo22  actor: Betty Grable
movieId: HKo22  actor: Victor Mature
movieId: HKo22  actor: Phil Harris
movieId: HKo22  actor: Reginald Gardner
movieId: HKo23  actor: Betty Grable
movieId: HKo23  actor: Dan Dailey
movieId: HKo23  actor: Mitzi Gaynor
movieId: HKo23  actor: Jane Wyatt
movieId: HKo23  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: HKo23  actor: Minerva Urecal
movieId: HKo24  actor: James Stewart
movieId: HKo24  actor: Josephine Hull
movieId: HKo24  actor: Cecil Kellaway
movieId: HKo24  actor: Wallace Ford
movieId: HKo24  actor: Jesse White
movieId: HKo24  actor: s a
movieId: HKo25  actor: James Stewart
movieId: HKo25  actor: John Williams
movieId: HKo25  actor: Fred Kalmar
movieId: HKo25  actor: s a
movieId: HKo25  actor: Faion
movieId: HKo25  actor: Brigite Bardot
movieId: HKo25  actor: Glynis Johns
movieId: HKo25  actor: Cindy Carol
movieId: HKo25  actor: Ed Wynn
movieId: HKo26  actor: James Stewart
movieId: HKo26  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: HKo26  actor: Glynis Johns
movieId: HKo26  actor: Jack Hawkins
movieId: HKo26  actor: Janette Scott
movieId: HKo26  actor: Elizabeth Allan
movieId: HKo26  actor: Kenneth Moore
movieId: HKo26  actor: Niall McGinnis
movieId: HKo26  actor: Ronald Squire
movieId: HKo29  actor: Richard Burton
movieId: HKo29  actor: Jennifer Jones
movieId: HKo29  actor: Jean Simmons
movieId: HKo29  actor: Victor Mature
movieId: HKo29  actor: Michael Rennie
movieId: HKo29  actor: Jay Robinson
movieId: HKo29  actor: Torin Thatcher
movieId: HKo29  actor: Dean Jagger
movieId: HKo29  actor: Richard Boone
movieId: HKo29  actor: Betta StJohn
movieId: HKo29  actor: Jeff Morrow
movieId: HKo29  actor: Ernest Thesiger
movieId: HKo29  actor: Dawn Addams
movieId: HKo30  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: HKo30  actor: Jean Simmons
movieId: HKo30  actor: Merle Oberon
movieId: HKo30  actor: Michael Rennie
movieId: HKo30  actor: Cathleen Nesbitt
movieId: HKo30  actor: Isobel Elsom
movieId: HKo30  actor: Cameron Mitchell
movieId: HKo30  actor: Elizabeth Sellars
movieId: HKo36  actor: David Niven
movieId: HKo36  actor: June Allyson
movieId: HKo36  actor: Jessie Roy Landis
movieId: HKo36  actor: Robert Keith
movieId: HKo36  actor: Eva gaobor
movieId: HKo36  actor: Jeff Donnell
movieId: HKo36  actor: Jay Robinson
movieId: HKo36  actor: Martha Hyer
movieId: HKo39  actor: Anthony Franciosa
movieId: HKo39  actor: Ava Gardner
movieId: HKo39  actor: Amedeo Nazzari
movieId: HKo39  actor: Gino Cervi
movieId: HKo39  actor: Lea Padovani
movieId: HKo39  actor: Massimo Serrato
movieId: HKo41  actor: Myoshi Umeki
movieId: HKo41  actor: Sen Yung
movieId: HKo41  actor: Nancy Kwan
movieId: HKo41  actor: James Shigeta
movieId: HKo41  actor: James Soo
movieId: HKo41  actor: s a
movieId: HKo41  actor: Juanita Hall
movieId: HKo41  actor: s a
movieId: HKo41  actor: s a
movieId: HKo43  actor: James Stewart
movieId: HKo43  actor: Maureen OHara
movieId: HKo43  actor: Fabian
movieId: HKo43  actor: John Saxon
movieId: HKo43  actor: Marie Wilson
movieId: HKo43  actor: Reginald Gardiner
movieId: HKo43  actor: John McGiver
movieId: HKo43  actor: s a
movieId: HKo43  actor: Laura Peter
movieId: HKo43  actor: s a
movieId: HKo43  actor: s a
movieId: HKu10  actor: Delphine Seyrig
movieId: HKu10  actor: Danielle Oimet
movieId: HKu10  actor: Henry R. Lang
movieId: HKu10  actor: Andrea Rau
movieId: HKu10  actor: s a
movieId: HKu10  actor: s a
movieId: HKr10  actor: Paul Kelly
movieId: HKr10  actor: Bruce Cowling
movieId: HKr10  actor: s a
movieId: HKr20  actor: s a
movieId: HKr30  actor: Thomas Guiry
movieId: HKr30  actor: Helen Slater
movieId: HKr30  actor: Jon Tenney
movieId: HKr30  actor: Fredric Forrest
movieId: HKr30  actor: s a
movieId: HL2  actor: Harold Lloyd
movieId: HL2  actor: Gaylord Lloyd
movieId: HL2  actor: Milred Davis
movieId: HL2  actor: Gus Leonard
movieId: HL2  actor: Harry `Snub' Pollard
movieId: HL2  actor: Noah Young
movieId: HL5  actor: Harold Lloyd
movieId: HL8  actor: Harold Lloyd
movieId: HL8  actor: Jobyna Ralston
movieId: HL8  actor: Jim Riggs
movieId: HL20  actor: Harold Lloyd
movieId: HLa35  actor: Warner Oland
movieId: HLaD55  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: HLa60  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: HLa65  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: HLa70  actor: John Shepperd
movieId: HLa75  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: HLF10  actor: Allan Jenkins
movieId: HLF10  actor: Violet Hilton
movieId: HLF10  actor: Daisy Hilton
movieId: HlH1  actor: Adrienne Shelley
movieId: HlH1  actor: Robert Burke
movieId: HlH1  actor: Christopher Cooke
movieId: HlH1  actor: Julia Mueller
movieId: HlH1  actor: Martin Donovan
movieId: HlH2  actor: John MacKay
movieId: HlH2  actor: Adrienne Shelley
movieId: HlH2  actor: Gary Sauer
movieId: HlH2  actor: Eddie Falco
movieId: HlH2  actor: Merritt Nelson
movieId: HlH2  actor: s a
movieId: HlH3  actor: Robert Burke
movieId: HlH3  actor: William Sage
movieId: HlH3  actor: Karen Silas
movieId: HlH9  actor: James Urbaniak
movieId: HlH9  actor: Thomas Jay Ryan
movieId: HLu10  actor: Peggy Lee
movieId: HLS10  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: HLS10  actor: Richard Egan
movieId: HLS10  actor: Constance Dowling
movieId: HLS10  actor: William Schallert
movieId: HLS10  actor: Philip vanZandt
movieId: HLv10  actor: Will Patton
movieId: HLv10  actor: Michael DeLuise
movieId: HLv10  actor: Clare Wren
movieId: HMD1  actor: Glen Berry
movieId: HMD1  actor: Scott Neal
movieId: HMF20  actor: Warner Oland
movieId: HMF22  actor: Warner Oland
movieId: HMF25  actor: Warner Oland
movieId: HMo10  actor: Doris Day
movieId: HMo10  actor: Brian Keith
movieId: HMo10  actor: Pat Carrol
movieId: HMo10  actor: Barbara Hershey
movieId: HMo10  actor: George Carlin
movieId: HMo10  actor: Alice Ghostley
movieId: HNe10  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: HNe10  actor: Jackie Gleason
movieId: HNe10  actor: Sally Field
movieId: HNe10  actor: Jerry Reed
movieId: HNe12  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: HNe12  actor: Sally Field
movieId: HNe12  actor: Brian Keith
movieId: HNe12  actor: Robert Klein
movieId: HNe15  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: HNe15  actor: Sally Field
movieId: HNe15  actor: Jackie Gleason
movieId: HNe15  actor: Jerry Reed
movieId: HNe15  actor: Paul Williams
movieId: HNe15  actor: Dom DeLouise
movieId: HNe15  actor: Pat McCormick
movieId: HNe17  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: HNe17  actor: Farrah Fawcett
movieId: HNe17  actor: Ed Asner
movieId: HNe17  actor: Roger Moore
movieId: HNe17  actor: Dom DeLuise
movieId: HNe17  actor: Dean Martin
movieId: HNe17  actor: Sammy Davis~jr.
movieId: HNe17  actor: Adrienne Barbeau
movieId: HNe17  actor: Terry Bradshaw
movieId: HNe17  actor: Jack Elam
movieId: HNe17  actor: Jackie Chan
movieId: HNe17  actor: Michael Hui
movieId: HNe17  actor: Bert Convy
movieId: HNe17  actor: Molly Picon
movieId: HNe17  actor: Jamie Farr
movieId: HNe17  actor: Bianca Jagger
movieId: HNe17  actor: Mel Tillis
movieId: HNe17  actor: Peter Fonda
movieId: HNe17  actor: Bob Tessier
movieId: HNe17  actor: Brock Yates
movieId: HNe17  actor: Hal Carter
movieId: HNe17  actor: Dudley Remus
movieId: HNe17  actor: Jim Lewis
movieId: HNe17  actor: Lois Areno
movieId: HNe17  actor: Janet Woytak
movieId: HNe17  actor: George Furth
movieId: HNe17  actor: Rick Aviles
movieId: HNe17  actor: Warren Berlinger
movieId: HNe17  actor: Tara Buckman
movieId: HNe17  actor: Joe Klecko
movieId: HNe17  actor: Norman Grabowski
movieId: HNe17  actor: Richard Losey
movieId: HNe17  actor: Jimmy "the Greek" Snyder
movieId: HNe20  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: HNe20  actor: Loni Anderson
movieId: HNe20  actor: Ned Beatty
movieId: HNe20  actor: Jim Nabors
movieId: HNe20  actor: Bubba Smith
movieId: HNe25  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: HNe25  actor: Dom DeLuise
movieId: HNe25  actor: Dean Martin
movieId: HNe25  actor: Sammy Davis~jr.
movieId: HNe25  actor: Jamie Farr
movieId: HNe25  actor: Marilu Henner
movieId: HNe25  actor: Telly Savalas
movieId: HNe25  actor: Shirley MacLaine
movieId: HNe25  actor: Susan Anton
movieId: HNe25  actor: Joe Theismann
movieId: HNe25  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: HoB25  actor: Barbara Stanwyck
movieId: HoB25  actor: Preston S. Foster
movieId: HoB25  actor: Lyle Talbot
movieId: HoB25  actor: Lillian Roth
movieId: HoB25  actor: s a
movieId: HoB25  actor: s a
movieId: HoB35  actor: Frank McGlynn
movieId: HoB50  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: HoC10  actor: Leonora Amar
movieId: HoC10  actor: Richard Greene
movieId: HoD10  actor: Molly Ringwald
movieId: HoD10  actor: Andrew McCarthy
movieId: HoD10  actor: Jon Cryer
movieId: HoD10  actor: Annie Potts
movieId: HoD10  actor: Harry Dean Stanton
movieId: HoD10  actor: James Spader
movieId: HoD20  actor: Macaulay Culkin
movieId: HoD20  actor: Ted Danson
movieId: HoD20  actor: Glenne Headly
movieId: HoD20  actor: Kathleen Wilhoite
movieId: HoD20  actor: Dann Florek
movieId: HoD20  actor: Hector Elizondo
movieId: HoD24  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: HoD24  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: HoD24  actor: Christine Baranski
movieId: HoD24  actor: s a
movieId: HoD24  actor: s a
movieId: HoD24  actor: s a
movieId: HoF10  actor: Bill Murray
movieId: HoF10  actor: Geena Davis
movieId: HoF10  actor: Randy Quaid
movieId: HoF10  actor: Jason Roberts
movieId: HoF10  actor: Philip Bosco
movieId: HoF10  actor: Kathryn Grody
movieId: HoF10  actor: Bob Ebbett
movieId: HoF10  actor: Robert Joseph Paul
movieId: HoG10  actor: Evelyn Kraft
movieId: HoG10  actor: Lee Hassen
movieId: HoH10  actor: Maurice Chevalier
movieId: HoH10  actor: Claudette Colbert
movieId: HoH10  actor: George Babier
movieId: HoH10  actor: Nat Pendleton
movieId: HoH12  actor: Conrad Nagel
movieId: HoH12  actor: Sidney Fox
movieId: HoH12  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: HoH12  actor: ZaSu Pitts
movieId: HoH12  actor: Slim Summerville
movieId: HoH12  actor: Charles Winniger
movieId: HoH12  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: HoK5  actor: Broderick Crawford
movieId: HoK5  actor: Ralph Meeker
movieId: HoK5  actor: Lon Chaney~jr.
movieId: HoK5  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: HoK5  actor: William Talman
movieId: HoK5  actor: Reed Haley
movieId: HoK8  actor: Lex Barker
movieId: HoK8  actor: Anne Bancroft
movieId: HoK8  actor: Stuart W
movieId: HoK10  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: HoK10  actor: Tom Duggan
movieId: HoK10  actor: Jana Lund
movieId: HoK12  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: HoK12  actor: Fay Holden
movieId: HoK12  actor: Cecelia Parker
movieId: HoK12  actor: Sara Haden
movieId: HoK12  actor: Ann Rutherford
movieId: HoZ5  actor: Jeff Bridges
movieId: HoZ5  actor: Alan Arkin
movieId: HoZ5  actor: Andy Griffith
movieId: HoZ5  actor: Blythe Danner
movieId: HoZ5  actor: Herbert Edelman
movieId: HoZ5  actor: Donald Pleasence
movieId: HoZ10  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: HoZ10  actor: Glenda Jackson
movieId: HoZ10  actor: Art Carney
movieId: HoZ10  actor: Richard Benjamin
movieId: HoZ12  actor: Barbra Streisand
movieId: HoZ12  actor: Ryan ONeal
movieId: HoZ12  actor: Paul Sand
movieId: HoZ12  actor: Whitman Mayo
movieId: HoZ12  actor: Jamers Gregory
movieId: HoZ14  actor: Goldie Hawn
movieId: HoZ14  actor: Eileen Brennan
movieId: HoZ14  actor: Robert Webber
movieId: HoZ18  actor: Dudley Moore
movieId: HoZ18  actor: Nastassia Kinski
movieId: HoZ18  actor: Armand Assante
movieId: HoZ21  actor: Michael Keaton
movieId: HoZ21  actor: Christopher Lloyd
movieId: HoZ21  actor: Peter Boyle
movieId: HoZ23  actor: Macaulay Caulkin
movieId: HoZ23  actor: Anna Chlumsky
movieId: HoZ24  actor: Anna Chlumsky
movieId: HoZ24  actor: Dan Ackroyd
movieId: HoZ24  actor: Jamie Lee Curtis
movieId: HoZ24  actor: Richard Masur
movieId: HoZ24  actor: Austin OBrien
movieId: HoZ24  actor: Christine Ebersole
movieId: HPa10  actor: R.Bolla
movieId: HPa10  actor: s a
movieId: HPa10  actor: s a
movieId: HPC10  actor: Chief Yellow Robe
movieId: HPC10  actor: Chief Long Lance
movieId: HPC10  actor: Chief Akawanush
movieId: HPC10  actor: Spotted Elk
movieId: HPC10  actor: Cheeka
movieId: HPe10  actor: Bruce Martyn Payne
movieId: HPe10  actor: Brandan Hughes
movieId: HPe10  actor: Michele Matheson
movieId: HPe10  actor: Sean Gregory Sullivan
movieId: HPe10  actor: Antonio VFargas
movieId: HPe10  actor: Carl Linley
movieId: HPe10  actor: Jered Barclay
movieId: HPo10  actor: Laura LaPlante
movieId: HPo10  actor: Eve Olivietti
movieId: HPo10  actor: Joseph Schildlraut
movieId: HPo10  actor: Alma Rubens
movieId: HPo10  actor: Stepin Fetchit
movieId: HPo10  actor: Otis Harlan
movieId: HPo10  actor: Emily Fitzroy
movieId: HPo10  actor: Elsie Bartlett
movieId: HPo10  actor: Jack MacDonald
movieId: HPo10  actor: Neely Edwards
movieId: HPo10  actor: Jane LaVerne
movieId: HPo10  actor: Helen Morgan
movieId: HPo10  actor: Tess Gardella
movieId: HPo10  actor: Jules Bledsoe
movieId: HPo10  actor: Florenz Ziegfeld
movieId: HPo10  actor: Carl Laemmle
movieId: HPr10  actor: Michael York
movieId: HPr10  actor: Angela Lansbury
movieId: HPr20  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: HPr20  actor: Hermione Gingold
movieId: HPr20  actor: Diana Rigg
movieId: HPr20  actor: Len Cariou
movieId: HPr20  actor: LesleyAnne Down
movieId: HPr20  actor: Hermione Gingold
movieId: HPr20  actor: Christopher Guard
movieId: HPr20  actor: Laurence Guittard
movieId: HpS10  actor: Owen Wilson
movieId: HrC10  actor: Alida Valli
movieId: HrC10  actor: Georges Wilson
movieId: HrC10  actor: Jacques Harden
movieId: HrH1  actor: Barbara Auer
movieId: HrH1  actor: Karin Baal
movieId: HrH1  actor: Ruth Hellberg
movieId: HRi10  actor: s a
movieId: HRi10  actor: s a
movieId: HRo2  actor: Stan Laurel
movieId: HRo2  actor: Oliver Hardy
movieId: HRo2  actor: Dennis King
movieId: HRo2  actor: Thelma Todd
movieId: HRo2  actor: James Finlayson
movieId: HRo5  actor: Victor Mature
movieId: HRo5  actor: Carol Landis
movieId: HRo5  actor: Lon Chaney~jr.
movieId: HRo10  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: HRo10  actor: Carole Landis
movieId: HRo10  actor: John Hubbard
movieId: HRo10  actor: Mary Astor
movieId: HrR10  actor: s a
movieId: HrR10  actor: Karin Dor
movieId: HrR10  actor: Wolfgang Preiss
movieId: HrR10  actor: Lex Barker
movieId: HrR12  actor: Wolfgang Preiss
movieId: HrR12  actor: Lex Barker
movieId: HrR12  actor: Gert Frobe
movieId: HrR12  actor: Lex Barker
movieId: HrR12  actor: Daliah Levi
movieId: HrR12  actor: s a
movieId: HRv10  actor: Kane Richmond
movieId: HRv10  actor: William `Stage' Boyd
movieId: HRv10  actor: Claudia Dell
movieId: HSB18  actor: Johanna Schall
movieId: HSB18  actor: Thomas Ruchel
movieId: HSB18  actor: Udo Kroschwald
movieId: HSc5  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: HSc5  actor: Preston Foster
movieId: HSc5  actor: Rita Johnson
movieId: HSc5  actor: Jeff Corey
movieId: HSc15  actor: Gordon Scott
movieId: HSc15  actor: Peter vanEyck
movieId: HSc15  actor: Vera Miles
movieId: HSc15  actor: Jack Elam
movieId: HSc15  actor: Charles Fredericks
movieId: HSc15  actor: Richard Reeves
movieId: HSc15  actor: Rex Ingram
movieId: HSc15  actor: Zippy
movieId: HSh5  actor: Paul Lukas
movieId: HSh5  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: HSh5  actor: Lucile Watson
movieId: HSh5  actor: George Couloris
movieId: HSh5  actor: Geraldine Fitzgerald
movieId: HSh5  actor: Donald Woods
movieId: HSh5  actor: Henry Daniell
movieId: HSh5  actor: Beulah Bondi
movieId: HSh10  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: HSh10  actor: Lauren Bacall
movieId: HSh10  actor: Katina Paxinou
movieId: HSh10  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: HSh10  actor: Victor Francen
movieId: HSh10  actor: George Coulouris
movieId: HSh10  actor: Eanda hendrix
movieId: HSh10  actor: George Zucco
movieId: HSh10  actor: Miles Mander
movieId: HSm10  actor: Marjoe Gortner
movieId: HSr10  actor: Gitty Daruga
movieId: HSr10  actor: Hannes Schmidhauser
movieId: HSr10  actor: Erwin Strahl
movieId: HSr10  actor: Hans Grimm
movieId: HSr10  actor: Ruth vonHagen
movieId: HSu10  actor: David Carradine
movieId: HSu10  actor: Claudia Jennings
movieId: HSu10  actor: Richard Lynch
movieId: HtB10  actor: Jeremy Piven
movieId: HtB10  actor: David Spade
movieId: HtB10  actor: Jessica Walter
movieId: HtB10  actor: Megan Ward
movieId: HtB10  actor: Chris Young
movieId: HtB10  actor: George Clinton
movieId: HtB10  actor: Parliament Funkadelic
movieId: HuC7  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: HuC7  actor: s a
movieId: HuC7  actor: Richard Boone
movieId: HuC7  actor: Rita Moreno
movieId: HuC7  actor: Pamela Franklin
movieId: HuC7  actor: Jess Hahn
movieId: HuF8  actor: Marguerite Clark
movieId: HuF8  actor: Mary Carr
movieId: HuH10  actor: Ben Cross
movieId: HuH10  actor: Ian Charleson
movieId: HuH10  actor: Nigel Havers
movieId: HuH10  actor: Alice Krige
movieId: HuH10  actor: Patrick Magee
movieId: HuH10  actor: Cheryl Campbell
movieId: HuH10  actor: Lindsay Anderson
movieId: HuH10  actor: Nick Farrell
movieId: HuH10  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: HuH10  actor: Nigel Davenport
movieId: HuH15  actor: Christopher Lambert
movieId: HuH15  actor: Ralph Richardson
movieId: HuH15  actor: Ian Holm
movieId: HuH15  actor: James Fox
movieId: HuH15  actor: Andie MacDowell
movieId: HuH20  actor: Al Pacino
movieId: HuJ10  actor: Michael Redgrave
movieId: HuW10  actor: Steve Guttenberg
movieId: HuW10  actor: Kim Catrall
movieId: HuW12  actor: Art Metrano
movieId: HuW15  actor: Art Metrano
movieId: HuW15  actor: Lance Kinsey
movieId: HuW22  actor: Shirley MacLaine
movieId: HuW22  actor: Nicolas Cage
movieId: HuW22  actor: Austin Pendleton
movieId: HuW22  actor: James Rebhorn
movieId: HuW22  actor: Richard Griffiths
movieId: HuW22  actor: John Roselin
movieId: HuW25  actor: Goldie Hawn
movieId: HuW25  actor: Bette Midler
movieId: HuW25  actor: Diane Keaton
movieId: HuW25  actor: s a
movieId: HuW25  actor: Sarah Jessica Parker
movieId: HuW25  actor: s a
movieId: HuW25  actor: James Naughton
movieId: HuW25  actor: s a
movieId: HuW25  actor: s a
movieId: HuW25  actor: Ed Koch
movieId: HuW25  actor: s a
movieId: HVe10  actor: Daniel Gelin
movieId: HVe10  actor: s a
movieId: HVe10  actor: Francoise Arnoul
movieId: HVe10  actor: Trevor Howard
movieId: HVe11  actor: Jean Gabin
movieId: HVe11  actor: Francoise Arnaud
movieId: HvH10  actor: R.G. Armstrong
movieId: HvH10  actor: Dennis Patrick
movieId: HvH10  actor: Dick York
movieId: HvH10  actor: Jaqueline Scott
movieId: HvH11  actor: Pat Buttram
movieId: HvH11  actor: Teresa Wright
movieId: HvH11  actor: Bruce dern
movieId: HvH12  actor: Ed Begley
movieId: HvH12  actor: Jeanette Nolan
movieId: HvH12  actor: Tom Simcox
movieId: HvH12  actor: Maggie Pierce
movieId: HvH13  actor: James Farentino
movieId: HvH13  actor: John Carradine
movieId: HvH13  actor: Vera Miles
movieId: HvH14  actor: Richard Johnson
movieId: HvH14  actor: Fay Bainter
movieId: HvH14  actor: Geraldine Fitzgerald
movieId: HvP10  actor: Thierry LHermite
movieId: HvP10  actor: Ludwig Briand
movieId: HvP10  actor: MiouMiou
movieId: HvP10  actor: Arielle Dombasle
movieId: HWa9  actor: Anthony Steele
movieId: HWa9  actor: Dinah Sheridan
movieId: HWa9  actor: Harold Warrender
movieId: HWe10  actor: Robert Forster
movieId: HWe10  actor: Verna Bloom
movieId: HWe10  actor: Harold Blankenship
movieId: HWe10  actor: Peter Bonerz
movieId: HwF10  actor: Barbara Hershey
movieId: HwF10  actor: Joe Pesci
movieId: HwF10  actor: Stanley Tucci
movieId: HwF10  actor: Jerry Adler
movieId: HWi1  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: HWi1  actor: Deborah Kerr
movieId: HWi1  actor: Judy Trott
movieId: HWi1  actor: Gary Morse
movieId: HWi1  actor: Red Buttons
movieId: HwM10  actor: s a
movieId: HwM10  actor: Tom Selleck
movieId: HWo1  actor: Willy Fritsch
movieId: HWx5  actor: Sybil Thorndyke
movieId: HWx5  actor: Marie Ault
movieId: HWx9  actor: Anna Neagle
movieId: HWx9  actor: James Rennie
movieId: HWx9  actor: Benita Hume
movieId: HWx9  actor: Athole Stewart
movieId: HWx9  actor: Alfred Drayton
movieId: HWx10  actor: Anna Neagle
movieId: HWx10  actor: Fernand Gravet
movieId: HWx10  actor: Miles Mander
movieId: HWx10  actor: Ivy StHelier
movieId: HWx10  actor: Esm\'e Percy
movieId: HWx10  actor: Hugh Williams
movieId: HWx16  actor: Anna Neagle
movieId: HWx16  actor: Anton Walbrook
movieId: HWx16  actor: H.B. Warner
movieId: HWx16  actor: Walter Rilla
movieId: HWx16  actor: Mary Morris
movieId: HWx16  actor: C.V. France
movieId: HWx16  actor: Charles Carson
movieId: HWx16  actor: Felix Aylmer
movieId: HWx16  actor: Derrick deMarney
movieId: HWx16  actor: Percy Parsons
movieId: HWx17  actor: Anna Neagle
movieId: HWx17  actor: Anton Walbrook
movieId: HWx17  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: HWx17  actor: Walter Rilla
movieId: HWx17  actor: Charles Carson
movieId: HWx17  actor: Felix Aylmer
movieId: HWx17  actor: Lewis Casson
movieId: HWx19  actor: Anna Neagle
movieId: HWx19  actor: George Sanders
movieId: HWx19  actor: May Robson
movieId: HWx19  actor: Edna May Oliver
movieId: HWx20  actor: Anna Neagle
movieId: HWx20  actor: Ray Bolger
movieId: HWx20  actor: John Carroll
movieId: HWx20  actor: Edward Everett Horton
movieId: HWx20  actor: Frieda Inescort
movieId: HWx21  actor: Anna Neagle
movieId: HWx21  actor: Richard Carlson
movieId: HWx21  actor: Victor Mature
movieId: HWx21  actor: Helen Broderick
movieId: HWx21  actor: Bert Roach
movieId: HWx21  actor: Zasu Pitts
movieId: HWx21  actor: Roland Young
movieId: HWx21  actor: Eve Arden
movieId: HWx21  actor: Billy Gilbert
movieId: HWx22  actor: Anna Neagle
movieId: HWx22  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: HWx22  actor: Roland Young
movieId: HWx22  actor: Alan Marshal
movieId: HWx22  actor: May Robson
movieId: HWx22  actor: Billie Burke
movieId: HWx22  actor: Arthur Treacher
movieId: HWx45  actor: Anna Neagle
movieId: HWx45  actor: Michael Wilding
movieId: HWx45  actor: Michael Laurence
movieId: HWx45  actor: Frances Mercer
movieId: HWx45  actor: Coral Browne
movieId: HWx45  actor: A.E. Mathews
movieId: HWx45  actor: Edward Rigby
movieId: HWx45  actor: Brenda Bruce
movieId: HWx54  actor: Michael Wilding
movieId: HWx54  actor: Margaret Lockwood
movieId: HWx54  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: HWx54  actor: John McCallum
movieId: HWx54  actor: Miles Malleson
movieId: HWx55  actor: Anna Neagle
movieId: HWx55  actor: Errol Flynn
movieId: HWx55  actor: Peter Graves
movieId: HWx55  actor: David Farrar
movieId: HWx55  actor: Kathleen Harrison
movieId: HWx60  actor: Anna Neagle
movieId: HWx60  actor: Anthony Quayle
movieId: HWx60  actor: Zsa Zsa Gabor
movieId: HWx60  actor: Katherine Kath
movieId: HWx60  actor: Dora Bryan
movieId: HWx60  actor: Patrick Allen
movieId: HY1  actor: Leslie Howard
movieId: HY1  actor: Merle Oberon
movieId: HY1  actor: Raymond Massey
movieId: HY1  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: HY10  actor: Helen Parrish
movieId: HY10  actor: Marjorie Main
movieId: HY10  actor: The Little Tough Guys
movieId: HY17  actor: Hugh Herbert
movieId: HY17  actor: Peggy Moran
movieId: HY17  actor: Tom Brown
movieId: HY17  actor: Guy Kibbe
movieId: HY17  actor: Edgar Kennedy
movieId: HY17  actor: Catherine Doucet
movieId: HY17  actor: Carl 'Alfalfa' Switzer
movieId: HY17  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: HY20  actor: Vicky Lane
movieId: HY20  actor: Otto Kruger
movieId: HY20  actor: Rondo Hatton
movieId: HY20  actor: Jerome Cowan
movieId: HY20  actor: Amelita Ward Cowan
movieId: HyA2  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: HyA2  actor: Joyce VanPatten
movieId: HyA2  actor: Leigh TaylorYoung
movieId: HyA2  actor: Jo vanFleet
movieId: HyA2  actor: David Arkin
movieId: HyA2  actor: Herbert Edelman
movieId: HyA2  actor: Salem Ludwig
movieId: HyA2  actor: Edra Gale
movieId: HyA2  actor: Lou Gottlieb
movieId: HyA2  actor: Grady Sutton
movieId: HyA3  actor: Patrick ONeal
movieId: HyA3  actor: Laura Devon
movieId: HyA3  actor: Patrice Wymore
movieId: HyA3  actor: Suzy Parker
movieId: HyA3  actor: Yvonne Romain
movieId: HyA3  actor: Wayne Rogers
movieId: HyA3  actor: Marie Windsor
movieId: HyA3  actor: Jeanette Nolan
movieId: HyA3  actor: Tony Curtis
movieId: HyA10  actor: Brian Keith
movieId: HyA10  actor: Tony Curtis
movieId: HyA10  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: HyA10  actor: Ivan Dixon
movieId: HyA10  actor: Suzanne Pleshette
movieId: HyA10  actor: Tom Ewell
movieId: HyA10  actor: Bradford Dillman
movieId: HyA10  actor: Arthur OConnell
movieId: HyA10  actor: Robert Emhardt
movieId: HyA10  actor: John Fiedler
movieId: HyA10  actor: Dom Ameche
movieId: HyA30  actor: Lisa Hartman
movieId: HyA30  actor: Lorna Luft
movieId: HyA30  actor: Wendy Schall
movieId: HyA30  actor: Lynn Holly Johnson
movieId: HyA30  actor: Alana Stewart
movieId: HyC10  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: HyC10  actor: Kay Walsh
movieId: HyC10  actor: Beatrice Campbell
movieId: HyC10  actor: Gregoire Aslan
movieId: HyC10  actor: Bernard Lee
movieId: HyC10  actor: Wilfrid Hyde White
movieId: HyC10  actor: Helen Cherry
movieId: HyC10  actor: Sidney James
movieId: HyC10  actor: Muriel George
movieId: HyK10  actor: Harmony Korine
movieId: HyK10  actor: s a
movieId: HyM10  actor: Billy Crudup
movieId: HyM10  actor: Minnie Driver
movieId: HyM10  actor: Billy ob Thornton
movieId: HyM10  actor: Gillian Anderson
movieId: HyM10  actor: Claire Danes
movieId: HyS10  actor: Tim Burton
movieId: HyS10  actor: Jack Skellington
movieId: IaS10  actor: Richard Widmark
movieId: IaS10  actor: Judy Davis
movieId: IaS10  actor: Lewis Collins
movieId: IAv4  actor: Peter Boyle
movieId: IAv4  actor: Dennis Patrick
movieId: IAv4  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: IAv4  actor: Audrey Caire
movieId: IAv7  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: IAv7  actor: Jack Gilford
movieId: IAv7  actor: Laurie Heineman
movieId: IAv7  actor: Norman Burton
movieId: IAv7  actor: Thayer David
movieId: IAv7  actor: Kristin Scott Thomas
movieId: IAv10  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: IAv10  actor: Burt Young
movieId: IAv10  actor: Talia Shire
movieId: IAv10  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: IAv10  actor: Carl Weathers
movieId: IAv12  actor: Elizabeth Shue
movieId: IAv14  actor: John Belushi
movieId: IAv14  actor: Dan Aykroyd
movieId: IAv14  actor: Cathy Moriarty
movieId: IAv14  actor: Kathryn Walker
movieId: IAv16  actor: George C. Scott
movieId: IAv16  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: IAv16  actor: Marthe Keller
movieId: IAv16  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: IAv16  actor: Beatrice Straight
movieId: IAv16  actor: Richard Lynch
movieId: IAv18  actor: Peter Falk
movieId: IAv18  actor: Charles Durning
movieId: IAv18  actor: Wendy Hughes
movieId: IAv18  actor: Tom Courtenay
movieId: IAv18  actor: Tracy Brooks
movieId: IAv18  actor: Gary Maas
movieId: IAv18  actor: Claude Lelouche
movieId: IAv19  actor: Morgan Freeman
movieId: IAv19  actor: Robin Bartlett
movieId: IAv19  actor: Karina Arogaven
movieId: IAv19  actor: Beverly Todd
movieId: IAv19  actor: Robert Guillaume
movieId: IAv19  actor: Alan north
movieId: IAv19  actor: Lyme Thigpen
movieId: IAv20  actor: Ralph Maccio
movieId: IAv20  actor: Noriyuki `Pat' Morita
movieId: IAv20  actor: Robyn Lively
movieId: IAv20  actor: Sean Kanan
movieId: IAv20  actor: Randee Heller
movieId: IAv20  actor: Jonathan Avildson
movieId: IAv20  actor: Christopher Paul Ford
movieId: IAv20  actor: Thomas Ian Griffith
movieId: IAv20  actor: Martin Kove
movieId: IAv21  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: IAv21  actor: Talia Shire
movieId: IAv25  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: IAv25  actor: Estelle Getty
movieId: IAv27  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: IAv27  actor: Julianne Moore
movieId: IB8  actor: Dolly Haas
movieId: IB8  actor: Arthur Margetson
movieId: IB8  actor: Emlyn Williams
movieId: IB8  actor: Donald Calthrop
movieId: IB8  actor: Ernest Sefton
movieId: IB8  actor: Kathleen Harrison
movieId: IB8  actor: Basil Redford
movieId: IB18  actor: Sonja Henie
movieId: IB18  actor: Jack Oakie
movieId: IB18  actor: Cesar Romero
movieId: IB18  actor: Carole Landis
movieId: IB18  actor: Woodie Herman
movieId: IB19  actor: Laird Cregar
movieId: IB19  actor: Colin Campbell
movieId: IB20  actor: Laird Cregar
movieId: IB20  actor: Linda Darnell
movieId: IB20  actor: George Sanders
movieId: IB20  actor: Glenn Langan
movieId: IB20  actor: Faye Marlowe
movieId: IB20  actor: Alan Napier
movieId: IB20  actor: Frederick Worlock
movieId: IB21  actor: Ann Baxter
movieId: IB21  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: IB21  actor: Aline McMahon
movieId: IB21  actor: Ruth Warrick
movieId: IB21  actor: Scott Mckay
movieId: IB21  actor: Jerome Cowan
movieId: IB21  actor: Maru MacDonald
movieId: IB21  actor: Margaret Hamilton
movieId: IB22  actor: Laraine Day
movieId: IB22  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: IB30  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: IB30  actor: Mary Murphy
movieId: IB30  actor: Eva Gabor
movieId: IB100  actor: John Smith
movieId: IB100  actor: Joyce Meadows
movieId: IB100  actor: Sam Buffington
movieId: IB100  actor: John diSantis
movieId: IB100  actor: David Carlile
movieId: IB100  actor: Buzz Merten
movieId: IB100  actor: Dick Nelson
movieId: IB100  actor: William D. Kruse
movieId: IB101  actor: Robert Vaughn
movieId: IB101  actor: David White
movieId: IB101  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: IB101  actor: Tyler McVey
movieId: IB102  actor: Joby Baker
movieId: IB102  actor: Audrey Totter
movieId: IB103  actor: Beatrice Straight
movieId: IB103  actor: Fay Spain
movieId: IB103  actor: Donald Buka
movieId: IB103  actor: Patricia Hitchcock
movieId: IB103  actor: Don Beddoe
movieId: IB104  actor: Eric Portman
movieId: IB104  actor: Oscar Homolka
movieId: IB104  actor: Irene Tedrow
movieId: IB104  actor: Ralph Clanton
movieId: IB104  actor: Ted Livesey
movieId: IB104  actor: Richard Lupino
movieId: IB104  actor: Irene Windust
movieId: IB104  actor: Bartlett Robinson
movieId: IB104  actor: Barry Bernard
movieId: IB105  actor: Dennis Weaver
movieId: IB105  actor: James Mulhollin
movieId: IB105  actor: John Ragin
movieId: IB105  actor: Al Hodge
movieId: IB105  actor: Sam Gilmore
movieId: IB105  actor: Ken Clark
movieId: IB105  actor: Dorothea Lord
movieId: IB106  actor: Zachary Scott
movieId: IB106  actor: Phyllis Thaxter
movieId: IB106  actor: Irene Windust
movieId: IB107  actor: Katherine Squire
movieId: IB107  actor: Stanley Adams
movieId: IB107  actor: Clu Gulager
movieId: IB108  actor: Scott Marlowe
movieId: IB108  actor: Joyce Meadows
movieId: IB108  actor: Ray Matheson
movieId: IB109  actor: Alf Kjellin
movieId: IB109  actor: Jeffrey Hunter
movieId: IB109  actor: Vera Miles
movieId: IB109  actor: s a
movieId: IB110  actor: Gilbert Roland
movieId: IB110  actor: s a
movieId: IB110  actor: Laura Devon
movieId: IB110  actor: Laraine Day
movieId: IB110  actor: Frank Overton
movieId: IB110  actor: s a
movieId: IB111  actor: John Cassavetes
movieId: IB111  actor: Gena Rowlands
movieId: IB111  actor: Murray Matheson
movieId: IB112  actor: Roger Perry
movieId: IB112  actor: Sharon Farrell
movieId: IB112  actor: Franchot Tone
movieId: IB113  actor: Anne Francis
movieId: IB113  actor: Robert Strauss
movieId: IB113  actor: Donnelly Rhodes
movieId: IB150  actor: Dana Andrews
movieId: IB150  actor: Jeanne Crain
movieId: IB150  actor: Mimsy Farmer
movieId: IB150  actor: Laurie Mock
movieId: IB150  actor: Paul Bertoya
movieId: IB150  actor: Gene Kirkwood
movieId: IB150  actor: Mickey Rooney~jr.
movieId: IBa7  actor: Richard Pryor
movieId: IBa7  actor: Stan Shaw
movieId: IBa7  actor: Billy Dee Williams
movieId: IBa7  actor: James Earl Jones
movieId: IBa7  actor: s a
movieId: IBa9  actor: John Travolta
movieId: IBa9  actor: Donna Prescow
movieId: IBa9  actor: Karen Lynn Gorney
movieId: IBa9  actor: Joseph Cail
movieId: IBa9  actor: Barry Miller
movieId: IBa9  actor: Paul Papa
movieId: IBa9  actor: sa
movieId: IBa9  actor: Bruce Ornstein
movieId: IBa9  actor: Donna Pescow
movieId: IBa9  actor: Ann Travolta
movieId: IBa10  actor: Frank Langella
movieId: IBa10  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: IBa10  actor: Donald Pleasance
movieId: IBa10  actor: Kate Nelligan
movieId: IBa10  actor: Trevor Eve
movieId: IBa11  actor: Richard Dreyfuss
movieId: IBa11  actor: John Cassavetes
movieId: IBa11  actor: Kaki Hunter
movieId: IBa12  actor: Matthew Broderick
movieId: IBa12  actor: Dabney Coleman
movieId: IBa12  actor: John Wood
movieId: IBa12  actor: Ally Sheedy
movieId: IBa12  actor: Barry Corbin
movieId: IBa13  actor: Roy Scheider
movieId: IBa13  actor: Daniel Stern
movieId: IBa13  actor: Malcolm McDowell
movieId: IBa13  actor: Candy Clark
movieId: IBa13  actor: Warren Oates
movieId: IBa13  actor: Joe Santos
movieId: IBa16  actor: Ally Sheedy
movieId: IBa16  actor: Steve Guttenberg
movieId: IBa16  actor: Fisher Stevens
movieId: IBa16  actor: s a
movieId: IBa20  actor: Michael J. Fox
movieId: IBa20  actor: s a
movieId: IBa20  actor: James Woods
movieId: IBa22  actor: Richard Dreyfuss
movieId: IBa22  actor: Rosie ODonnell
movieId: IBa22  actor: Emilio Estevez
movieId: IBa22  actor: Cathy Moriarty
movieId: IBa22  actor: Dennis Farina
movieId: IBa22  actor: Miguel Ferrer
movieId: IBa22  actor: Marcia Strassman
movieId: IBa22  actor: Larry B. Scott
movieId: IBa22  actor: John Rubinstein
movieId: IBa22  actor: s a
movieId: IBa22  actor: s a
movieId: IBa22  actor: s a
movieId: IBa23  actor: Bridget Fonda
movieId: IBa23  actor: Gabriel Byrne
movieId: IBa23  actor: Anne Bancroft
movieId: IBa23  actor: Dermot Mulroney
movieId: IBa23  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: IBC10  actor: Gary Busey
movieId: IBC10  actor: Belinda Bauer
movieId: IBC10  actor: Ray Sharkey
movieId: IBC10  actor: Nancy Mulford
movieId: IBC10  actor: Arnold Vosloo
movieId: IBC10  actor: Ken Gampo
movieId: IBC10  actor: Candice Hildebrand
movieId: IBC10  actor: Dennis Casey Park
movieId: IBC10  actor: Mathew Stewardson
movieId: IBC10  actor: Nadia Bilchik
movieId: IBC10  actor: Brian OShaugnessy
movieId: IBC10  actor: Gordon Mulholland
movieId: IBd10  actor: Mark Owens
movieId: IBd10  actor: Joanna Miles
movieId: IBd10  actor: Peggy Feury
movieId: IBd10  actor: Drew Barrymore
movieId: IBe4  actor: Tony Martin
movieId: IBe4  actor: Yvonne deCarlo
movieId: IBe4  actor: Marta Toren
movieId: IBe4  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: IBe4  actor: Hugo Haas
movieId: IBe10  actor: Fernandel
movieId: IBe10  actor: Erno Crisa
movieId: IBl10  actor: Lily Tomlin
movieId: IBl10  actor: Lily Tomlin
movieId: IBl15  actor: Ed Harris
movieId: IBl15  actor: Madeleine Stowe
movieId: IBl15  actor: Benicio delToro
movieId: IBl15  actor: Charles Dance
movieId: IBo2  actor: Lee Marvin
movieId: IBo2  actor: John Vernon
movieId: IBo2  actor: Angie Dickinson
movieId: IBo2  actor: s a
movieId: IBo4  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: IBo4  actor: Billie Whitelaw
movieId: IBo4  actor: Calvin Lockart
movieId: IBo4  actor: Glenna Foster Jones
movieId: IBo4  actor: Graham Crowden
movieId: IBo5  actor: Jon Voight
movieId: IBo5  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: IBo5  actor: Ned Beatty
movieId: IBo5  actor: Ronny Cox
movieId: IBo5  actor: James Dickey
movieId: IBo5  actor: Bill McKinney
movieId: IBo5  actor: Billy Redden
movieId: IBo5  actor: Herbert `Cowboy' Coward
movieId: IBo5  actor: John Boorman
movieId: IBo7  actor: Richard Burton
movieId: IBo7  actor: Linda Blair
movieId: IBo7  actor: Louise Fletcher
movieId: IBo7  actor: Kitty Winn
movieId: IBo7  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: IBo7  actor: Paul Henreid
movieId: IBo7  actor: James Earl Jones
movieId: IBo7  actor: Ned Beatty
movieId: IBo10  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: IBo10  actor: Charlotte Rampling
movieId: IBo10  actor: Sara Kestelman
movieId: IBo10  actor: Miriam Brickman
movieId: IBo20  actor: Nigel Terry
movieId: IBo20  actor: Cherie Lunghi
movieId: IBo20  actor: Nicholas Clay
movieId: IBo20  actor: Nicol Williamson
movieId: IBo20  actor: Helen Mirren
movieId: IBo20  actor: Paul Geoffrey
movieId: IBo20  actor: s a
movieId: IBo20  actor: Patrick Stewart
movieId: IBo27  actor: Powers Boothe
movieId: IBo27  actor: Meg Foster
movieId: IBo27  actor: Charley Boorman
movieId: IBo27  actor: Bekana Santos Kaiapo
movieId: IBo30  actor: s a
movieId: IBo30  actor: Sarah Miles
movieId: IBo30  actor: s a
movieId: IBo30  actor: s a
movieId: IBo35  actor: Brendan Gleeson
movieId: IBo35  actor: Jon Voight
movieId: IBo35  actor: Maria Doyle Kennedy
movieId: IBo35  actor: Angeline Ball
movieId: IBy10  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: IBy10  actor: Sissy Spacek
movieId: IBy10  actor: John Heard
movieId: IBy15  actor: Bill Murray
movieId: IBy15  actor: Catherine Hicks
movieId: IBy15  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: IBy15  actor: Theresa Russel
movieId: IBy15  actor: James Keach
movieId: IBy15  actor: Peter Vaughn
movieId: IBy15  actor: Faith Brook
movieId: ICa1  actor: Brian Narelle
movieId: ICa1  actor: Dre Pahich
movieId: ICa1  actor: Cal Kuniholm
movieId: ICa1  actor: Dan OBannon
movieId: ICa3  actor: Austin Stoker
movieId: ICa3  actor: Darwin Joston
movieId: ICa3  actor: Laurie Zimmer
movieId: ICa5  actor: Jamie Lee Curtis
movieId: ICa5  actor: Nancy Loomis
movieId: ICa5  actor: P.J. Soles
movieId: ICa5  actor: Donald Pleasance
movieId: ICa6  actor: Jamie Lee Curtis
movieId: ICa6  actor: Adrienne Barbeau
movieId: ICa6  actor: Hal Holbrook
movieId: ICa6  actor: John Houseman
movieId: ICa8  actor: Kurt Russell
movieId: ICa8  actor: Lee VanCleef
movieId: ICa8  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: ICa8  actor: Adrienne Barbeau
movieId: ICa8  actor: Season Hubley
movieId: ICa9  actor: Kurt Russell
movieId: ICa9  actor: Wilford Brimley
movieId: ICa9  actor: T.K. Carter
movieId: ICa9  actor: David Clennon
movieId: ICa9  actor: Richard Dysart
movieId: ICa9  actor: Richard Masur
movieId: ICa10  actor: Keith Gordon
movieId: ICa10  actor: 58 Plymouth Fury
movieId: ICa20  actor: Chevy Chase
movieId: ICa20  actor: Daryl Hannah
movieId: ICa20  actor: Sam Neill
movieId: ICa20  actor: Marshall McKean
movieId: ICa20  actor: Stephen Tobolowsky
movieId: ICa20  actor: Jim Norton
movieId: ICa20  actor: Sally Field
movieId: ICa20  actor: Barry Kivel
movieId: ICa20  actor: Rip Haight
movieId: ICa25  actor: Kurt Russell
movieId: ICa25  actor: Stacey Keach
movieId: ICa25  actor: Steve Buscemi
movieId: ICa25  actor: Peter Fonda
movieId: ICa25  actor: George Corraface
movieId: ICa25  actor: Clift Robertson
movieId: ICa25  actor: Pam Grier
movieId: ICa27  actor: John Wood
movieId: ICa27  actor: Daniel Baldwin
movieId: ICa27  actor: Sheryl Lee
movieId: ICa27  actor: Thomas Ian Griffith
movieId: ICa27  actor: Maximilan Schell
movieId: ICa27  actor: Tim Guinee
movieId: ICd10  actor: William Devane
movieId: ICd10  actor: Cathy Lee Crosby
movieId: ICd10  actor: Richard Jaeckel
movieId: ICd10  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: ICd10  actor: Vivian Blaine
movieId: ICo10  actor: Paul Hogan
movieId: ICo10  actor: Linda Koslowski
movieId: ICo10  actor: John Meillon
movieId: ICo10  actor: Hector Ubarry
movieId: ICo10  actor: Diane CrittendenForast
movieId: ICo10  actor: sr
movieId: ICo10  actor: sr
movieId: ICo10  actor: sr
movieId: ICo10  actor: sr
movieId: ICr2  actor: Nancy Carroll
movieId: ICr2  actor: Hal Skelly
movieId: ICr2  actor: Ralph Theodore
movieId: ICr2  actor: Charles Brown
movieId: ICr2  actor: Dorothy Revier
movieId: ICr2  actor: Al StJohn
movieId: ICr2  actor: May Boley
movieId: ICr2  actor: Oscar Levant
movieId: ICr4  actor: William Powell
movieId: ICr4  actor: Jean Arthur
movieId: ICr4  actor: Kay Francis
movieId: ICr4  actor: Regis Toomey
movieId: ICr4  actor: Stanley Fields
movieId: ICr4  actor: Brooks Benedict
movieId: ICr6  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: ICr6  actor: Fay Wray
movieId: ICr6  actor: Emma Dunn
movieId: ICr6  actor: Oscar Apfel
movieId: ICr7  actor: William Powell
movieId: ICr7  actor: Kay Francis
movieId: ICr7  actor: Scott Kolk
movieId: ICr7  actor: Willam B. Davidson
movieId: ICr7  actor: Thomas Jackson
movieId: ICr7  actor: Jimmy Finlayson
movieId: ICr10  actor: Kay Francis
movieId: ICr10  actor: Paul Lukas
movieId: ICr10  actor: Judith Wood
movieId: ICr10  actor: William B. Davidson
movieId: ICr10  actor: Rockliffe Fellowes
movieId: ICr10  actor: Esther Howard
movieId: ICr16  actor: Irene Dunne
movieId: ICr16  actor: Joel McCrea
movieId: ICr16  actor: Laura Hope Crews
movieId: ICr16  actor: Frances Dee
movieId: ICr19  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: ICr19  actor: Leslie Howard
movieId: ICr19  actor: Frances Dee
movieId: ICr19  actor: Reginald Owen
movieId: ICr19  actor: Reginald Denny
movieId: ICr19  actor: Kay Johnson
movieId: ICr19  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: ICr24  actor: Freddie Bartholomew
movieId: ICr24  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: ICr24  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: ICr25  actor: Barbara Stanwyk
movieId: ICr25  actor: Joel McCrea
movieId: ICr25  actor: Buddy Ebsen
movieId: ICr25  actor: Walter Brennan
movieId: ICr25  actor: Helen Westley
movieId: ICr25  actor: Walter Catlett
movieId: ICr25  actor: Tony Martin
movieId: ICr25  actor: Katherine deMille
movieId: ICr27  actor: Ronald Colman
movieId: ICr27  actor: Ronald Colman
movieId: ICr27  actor: Douglas Fairbanks~jr
movieId: ICr27  actor: Madeleine Carroll
movieId: ICr27  actor: David Niven
movieId: ICr27  actor: Raymond Massey
movieId: ICr27  actor: Mary Astor
movieId: ICr27  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: ICr27  actor: Byron Foulger
movieId: ICr27  actor: Montagu Love
movieId: ICr28  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: ICr28  actor: Hedy Lamarr
movieId: ICr28  actor: Sigrid Gurie
movieId: ICr28  actor: Joseph Calleia
movieId: ICr28  actor: Gene Lockhart
movieId: ICr28  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: ICr28  actor: Johnny Downs
movieId: ICr30  actor: Carol Lombard
movieId: ICr30  actor: James Stewart
movieId: ICr30  actor: Charles Coburn
movieId: ICr30  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: ICr30  actor: Lucille Watson
movieId: ICr30  actor: Harry Davenport
movieId: ICr30  actor: Eddie Quillan
movieId: ICr30  actor: Esther Dale
movieId: ICr30  actor: Louise Beavers
movieId: ICr35  actor: Claudette Colbert
movieId: ICr35  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: ICr35  actor: Jennifer Jones
movieId: ICr35  actor: Shirley Temple
movieId: ICr35  actor: Agnes Moorehead
movieId: ICr35  actor: Monty Woolley
movieId: ICr35  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: ICr35  actor: Guy Madison
movieId: ICr35  actor: Robert Walker
movieId: ICr35  actor: Hattie McDaniel
movieId: ICr35  actor: Craig Stevens
movieId: ICr35  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: ICr35  actor: Albert Basserman
movieId: ICr35  actor: Alla Nazimova
movieId: ICr35  actor: Lloyd Corrigan
movieId: ICr36  actor: Robert Young
movieId: ICr36  actor: Dorithy McGuire
movieId: ICr36  actor: Herbert Marsall
movieId: ICr36  actor: Mildred Narwick
movieId: ICr36  actor: Spring Byington
movieId: ICr36  actor: Hillary Brooke
movieId: ICr38  actor: Rex Harrison
movieId: ICr38  actor: Irene Dunne
movieId: ICr38  actor: Linda Darnell
movieId: ICr38  actor: Gale Sondergard
movieId: ICr38  actor: Lee J. Cobb
movieId: ICr38  actor: Mikhail Rasumny
movieId: ICr40  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: ICr40  actor: Lizabeth Scott
movieId: ICr40  actor: Morris Carnovsky
movieId: ICr40  actor: Lauren Bacall
movieId: ICr40  actor: Wallace Ford
movieId: ICr40  actor: William Prince
movieId: ICr40  actor: Marvin Miller
movieId: ICr42  actor: Lizbeth Scott
movieId: ICr42  actor: Jane Greer
movieId: ICr42  actor: Dennnis OKeefe
movieId: ICr42  actor: Fay Baker
movieId: ICr42  actor: John Hoyt
movieId: ICs1  actor: Ben Carruthers
movieId: ICs1  actor: Lelia Goldoni
movieId: ICs1  actor: Hugh Hurd
movieId: ICs1  actor: Rupert Crosse
movieId: ICs1  actor: Anthony Ray
movieId: ICs2  actor: Bobby Darin
movieId: ICs2  actor: Stella Stevens
movieId: ICs2  actor: John Cassavetes
movieId: ICs3  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: ICs3  actor: Judy Garland
movieId: ICs3  actor: Gena Rowlands
movieId: ICs4  actor: John Marley
movieId: ICs4  actor: Gena Rowlands
movieId: ICs4  actor: Lynn Carlin
movieId: ICs4  actor: Seymour Cassel
movieId: ICs5  actor: Ben Gazzara
movieId: ICs5  actor: Peter Falk
movieId: ICs5  actor: John Cassavetes
movieId: ICs6  actor: Gena Rowlands
movieId: ICs6  actor: John Cassavetes
movieId: ICs7  actor: Gena Rowlands
movieId: ICs7  actor: Peter Falk
movieId: ICs7  actor: Katherine Cassavetes
movieId: ICs8  actor: Gena Rowlands
movieId: ICs8  actor: Ben Gazzara
movieId: ICs8  actor: Joan Blondell
movieId: ICs8  actor: John Cassavetes
movieId: ICs9  actor: Ben Gazarra
movieId: ICs9  actor: Timothy Carey
movieId: ICs9  actor: Seymour Cassel
movieId: ICs9  actor: Morgan Woodward
movieId: ICs10  actor: Gena Rowlands
movieId: ICs10  actor: Buck Henry
movieId: ICs10  actor: Julie Carmen
movieId: ICs10  actor: John Adames
movieId: ICs11  actor: Diahnne Abbott
movieId: ICs11  actor: Tony Brubaker
movieId: ICs11  actor: John Cassavetes
movieId: ICs11  actor: Alexandra Cassavetas
movieId: ICt10  actor: Robert F. Logan
movieId: ICt10  actor: Susan Damante Shaw
movieId: ICt10  actor: Ham Larsen
movieId: ICt10  actor: George "Buck" Flower
movieId: ICt10  actor: Heather Rattray
movieId: IDa10  actor: Val Kilmer
movieId: IDa10  actor: Joan Whalley
movieId: IDa14  actor: Nicholas Cage
movieId: IDa14  actor: J.F. Walsh
movieId: IDa14  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: IDa14  actor: Lara Flynn Boyle
movieId: IDa14  actor: Dan Shor
movieId: IDa14  actor: Craig Healy
movieId: IDa14  actor: Dwight Yoakam
movieId: IDa17  actor: Lina Fiorentino
movieId: IDa17  actor: Bill Pullman
movieId: IDa17  actor: Peter Berg
movieId: IDa19  actor: Matt Damon
movieId: IDa19  actor: Edward Norton
movieId: IDa19  actor: John Malkovich
movieId: IDa19  actor: Martin Landau
movieId: IDa19  actor: John Turturro
movieId: IDa19  actor: Famke Janssen
movieId: IDa19  actor: Gretchen Mol
movieId: IdB10  actor: John DeBello
movieId: IdB10  actor: David Miller
movieId: IdB10  actor: George Wilson
movieId: IdB10  actor: Jack Riley
movieId: IdB10  actor: Sharon Taylor
movieId: IDk3  actor: Bo Derek
movieId: IDk3  actor: Miles OKeefe
movieId: IDk3  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: IDk4  actor: Bo Derek
movieId: IDk4  actor: Peter Hooten
movieId: IDk10  actor: Bo Derek
movieId: IDk10  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: IDk10  actor: Andrea Occhipinti
movieId: IDk10  actor: Greg Bensen
movieId: IDk10  actor: Ana Obregon
movieId: IDk10  actor: Ian Cochran
movieId: IDk10  actor: Olivia dAbo
movieId: IDk30  actor: Joe Lara
movieId: IDk30  actor: Kim Crosby
movieId: IDk30  actor: Tony Curtis
movieId: IDk30  actor: s a
movieId: IDk30  actor: s a
movieId: IDk30  actor: Margot Kidder
movieId: IDk30  actor: s a
movieId: IDk32  actor: Bo Derek
movieId: IDk32  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: IDk32  actor: Les Damien
movieId: IDk32  actor: Don Murray
movieId: IDk32  actor: Donald Trump
movieId: IdL1  actor: Sally Forrest
movieId: IdL1  actor: Keefe Brasselle
movieId: IdL1  actor: Dorothy Adsams
movieId: IdL1  actor: Wheaton Chambers
movieId: IdL1  actor: Rita Lupino
movieId: IdL2  actor: s a
movieId: IdL3  actor: Claire Trevor
movieId: IdL3  actor: Sally Forrest
movieId: IdL3  actor: Carleton Young
movieId: IdL3  actor: Robert Clarke
movieId: IdL3  actor: Kenneth Patterson
movieId: IdL3  actor: Joseph Kearns
movieId: IdL3  actor: William Hudson
movieId: IdL4  actor: Edmond OBrien
movieId: IdL4  actor: Frank Lovejoy
movieId: IdL4  actor: William Talman
movieId: IdL5  actor: s a
movieId: IdL5  actor: Lupino
movieId: IdL10  actor: Alexander Scourby
movieId: IdL11  actor: Claire Trevor
movieId: IdL11  actor: Biff Elliott
movieId: IdL11  actor: Dahlia Smith
movieId: IdL11  actor: Howard Nee
movieId: IdL11  actor: s a
movieId: IdL11  actor: s a
movieId: IDu10  actor: Bryan Brown
movieId: IDu10  actor: Helen Morse
movieId: IDu10  actor: John Bell
movieId: IDu10  actor: Sinan Leong
movieId: IDu16  actor: Noah Taylor
movieId: IDu21  actor: Noah Taylor
movieId: IDu21  actor: Thandie Newton
movieId: IDu21  actor: Thandiwe Adjewa
movieId: IDu21  actor: Nicole Kidman
movieId: IDu22  actor: Nathaniel Parker
movieId: IDu22  actor: Karina Lombard
movieId: IDu22  actor: Claudia Robinson
movieId: IDu22  actor: Rowena King
movieId: IDu22  actor: Rachel Ward
movieId: IDu22  actor: Karina Lombard
movieId: IDu22  actor: Michael York
movieId: IDu24  actor: Sam Neil
movieId: IDu24  actor: Hugh Grant
movieId: IDu24  actor: Tara Fitzgerald
movieId: IDu24  actor: Elle Macpherson
movieId: IDu24  actor: Portia deRossi
movieId: IDu24  actor: Kate Fisher
movieId: IDu24  actor: Mark Gerber
movieId: IDu28  actor: s a
movieId: IDu28  actor: s a
movieId: IDx5  actor: Hywel Bennett
movieId: IDx5  actor: Nigel Patrick
movieId: IDx5  actor: Lynn Redgrave
movieId: IDx5  actor: Nigel Davenport
movieId: IDx5  actor: Rachel Kempson
movieId: IDx5  actor: Michael Gwynn
movieId: IDx5  actor: Tsai Chin
movieId: IDx10  actor: Jordan Christopher
movieId: IDx10  actor: Jill OHara
movieId: IDx10  actor: Kate Reid
movieId: IDx10  actor: William redield
movieId: IEy10  actor: Martin Kove
movieId: IEy10  actor: Meg Foster
movieId: IEy10  actor: Frank Zagarino
movieId: IEy10  actor: Joss Auckland
movieId: IEy10  actor: sa
movieId: IEy10  actor: s a
movieId: IEy10  actor: s a
movieId: IEy10  actor: s a
movieId: IEy10  actor: s a
movieId: IEy10  actor: s a
movieId: IEy10  actor: Brian Jackson
movieId: IEy10  actor: Brian Jackson
movieId: IF15  actor: Harry Carey
movieId: IF15  actor: Joe Harris
movieId: IF15  actor: Ted Brooks
movieId: IF15  actor: Winifred Westover
movieId: IF15  actor: J.Farrell McDonald
movieId: IF15  actor: Charles LeMogun
movieId: IF43  actor: George OBrien
movieId: IF43  actor: Madge Bellamy
movieId: IF43  actor: Gladys Hulette
movieId: IF43  actor: Chief Big Tree
movieId: IF43  actor: Chief White Spear
movieId: IF43  actor: Delbert Mann
movieId: IF75  actor: Will Rogers
movieId: IF75  actor: Stepin Fetchit
movieId: IF75  actor: Berton Churchill
movieId: IF76  actor: Jean Arthur
movieId: IF76  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: IF76  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: IF76  actor: Arhur Hole
movieId: IF76  actor: Wallace Ford
movieId: IF76  actor: Arthur Bryon
movieId: IF76  actor: Donald Meek
movieId: IF76  actor: Edward Brophy
movieId: IF76  actor: Etienne Giradot
movieId: IF77  actor: Victor McLaglen
movieId: IF77  actor: Heather Angel
movieId: IF77  actor: Margot Grahame
movieId: IF77  actor: Una OConnor
movieId: IF77  actor: Wallace Ford
movieId: IF77  actor: Preston Foster
movieId: IF77  actor: Donald Meek
movieId: IF78  actor: Will Rogers
movieId: IF78  actor: Anne Shirley
movieId: IF78  actor: Eugene Palette
movieId: IF78  actor: John McGuire
movieId: IF79  actor: Warner Baxter
movieId: IF79  actor: Gloria Stuart
movieId: IF79  actor: Joyce Kay
movieId: IF79  actor: Claude Gillingwater
movieId: IF79  actor: Douglas Wood
movieId: IF79  actor: Harry Carey
movieId: IF79  actor: Frank McGlynn
movieId: IF79  actor: John Carradine
movieId: IF81  actor: Shirley TEmple
movieId: IF81  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: IF81  actor: Victor McLaglen
movieId: IF81  actor: Cesar Romero
movieId: IF83  actor: Dorothy Lamour
movieId: IF83  actor: Jon Hall
movieId: IF83  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: IF83  actor: Mary Astor
movieId: IF83  actor: Raymond Massey
movieId: IF83  actor: Thomas Mitchell
movieId: IF83  actor: John Carradine
movieId: IF83  actor: Jerome Cowan
movieId: IF86  actor: John Wayne
movieId: IF86  actor: Claire Trevor
movieId: IF86  actor: Thomas Mitchell
movieId: IF86  actor: John Carradine
movieId: IF86  actor: Berton Churchill
movieId: IF86  actor: Louise Platt
movieId: IF86  actor: George Bancroft
movieId: IF86  actor: Andy Devine
movieId: IF86  actor: Donald Meek
movieId: IF86  actor: Tim Holt
movieId: IF86  actor: ChrisPin Martin
movieId: IF87  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: IF87  actor: Alice Brady
movieId: IF87  actor: Marjorie Weaver
movieId: IF87  actor: Arleen Whelan
movieId: IF87  actor: Eddie Collins
movieId: IF87  actor: Richard Cromwell
movieId: IF87  actor: Donald Meek
movieId: IF87  actor: Eddie Quillan
movieId: IF87  actor: Spencer Charters
movieId: IF87  actor: stone
movieId: IF88  actor: Claudette Colbert
movieId: IF88  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: IF88  actor: Edna May Oliver
movieId: IF88  actor: Eddie Collins
movieId: IF88  actor: John Carradine
movieId: IF88  actor: Dorris Bowdon
movieId: IF88  actor: Jessie Ralph
movieId: IF88  actor: Arthur Shields
movieId: IF88  actor: Robert Lowery
movieId: IF88  actor: Roger Imhof
movieId: IF88  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: IF89  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: IF89  actor: Jane Darwell
movieId: IF89  actor: John Carradine
movieId: IF89  actor: Charley Grapewin
movieId: IF89  actor: Frank Darien
movieId: IF89  actor: Russel Simpson
movieId: IF89  actor: Dorris Bowdon
movieId: IF89  actor: Zeffie Tilbury
movieId: IF90  actor: John Wayne
movieId: IF90  actor: Thomas Mitchell
movieId: IF90  actor: Ian Hunter
movieId: IF90  actor: Midred Natwick
movieId: IF90  actor: Barry Fitzgerald
movieId: IF90  actor: Wilfrid Lawson
movieId: IF90  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: IF90  actor: John Qualen
movieId: IF90  actor: Joe Sawyer
movieId: IF91  actor: Charley Grapewin
movieId: IF91  actor: Elizabeth Patterson
movieId: IF91  actor: Dana Andrews
movieId: IF91  actor: Gene Tierney
movieId: IF91  actor: Marjorie Rambeau
movieId: IF91  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: IF91  actor: William Tracy
movieId: IF91  actor: Zelfie Tilbury
movieId: IF91  actor: Slim Summerville
movieId: IF91  actor: Grant Mitchell
movieId: IF91  actor: Russell Simpson
movieId: IF91  actor: Spencer Charters
movieId: IF92  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: IF92  actor: Walter Pidgeon
movieId: IF92  actor: Maureen OHara
movieId: IF92  actor: Sara Allgood
movieId: IF92  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: IF92  actor: Barry Fitzgerald
movieId: IF92  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: IF92  actor: Anna Lee
movieId: IF92  actor: John Loder
movieId: IF92  actor: Patric Knowles
movieId: IF92  actor: Morton Lowry
movieId: IF92  actor: Arthur Shields
movieId: IF92  actor: Frederick Worlock
movieId: IF98  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: IF98  actor: Victor Mature
movieId: IF98  actor: Walter Brennan
movieId: IF98  actor: Linda Darnell
movieId: IF98  actor: Cathy Down
movieId: IF98  actor: Tim Holt
movieId: IF98  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: IF98  actor: Alan Mowbray
movieId: IF98  actor: John Ireland
movieId: IF98  actor: Jane Darwell
movieId: IF99  actor: John Wayne
movieId: IF99  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: IF99  actor: Shirley Temple
movieId: IF99  actor: Hank Worden
movieId: IF100  actor: John Wayne
movieId: IF100  actor: Pedro Armendariz
movieId: IF100  actor: Harry Carey~jr.
movieId: IF100  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: IF101  actor: John Wayne
movieId: IF101  actor: Joanne Dru
movieId: IF101  actor: John Agar
movieId: IF101  actor: Ben Johnson
movieId: IF101  actor: Harry Carey~jr.
movieId: IF101  actor: Victor McLaglen
movieId: IF101  actor: Mildred Natwick
movieId: IF101  actor: George OBrien
movieId: IF101  actor: Arthur Shields
movieId: IF103  actor: Harry Carey~jr.
movieId: IF103  actor: Ben Johnson
movieId: IF103  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: IF103  actor: Hank Worden
movieId: IF106  actor: John Wayne
movieId: IF106  actor: Maureen OHara
movieId: IF106  actor: Victor McLaglen
movieId: IF106  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: IF106  actor: Barry Fitzgerald
movieId: IF106  actor: Mildred Natwick
movieId: IF106  actor: Eileen Crowe
movieId: IF106  actor: Sean McClory
movieId: IF108  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: IF108  actor: Ava Gardner
movieId: IF108  actor: Grace Kelly
movieId: IF108  actor: Donald Sinden
movieId: IF111  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: IF111  actor: Jimmy Cagney
movieId: IF111  actor: William Powell
movieId: IF111  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: IF111  actor: Betsy Palmer
movieId: IF111  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: IF111  actor: Phil Carey
movieId: IF111  actor: Ken Curtis
movieId: IF111  actor: Harry Carey~jr
movieId: IF112  actor: John Wayne
movieId: IF112  actor: Jeffrey Hunter
movieId: IF112  actor: Lana Wood
movieId: IF112  actor: Natalie Wood
movieId: IF112  actor: Vera Miles
movieId: IF112  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: IF112  actor: John Qualen
movieId: IF112  actor: Henry Brandon
movieId: IF112  actor: Mae Marsh
movieId: IF112  actor: Ken Curtis
movieId: IF112  actor: Peter Mamokos
movieId: IF112  actor: Olive Carey
movieId: IF112  actor: Harry Carey~jr.
movieId: IF112  actor: Mae Marsh
movieId: IF112  actor: Hank Worden
movieId: IF115  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: IF115  actor: Jeffrey Hunter
movieId: IF115  actor: Dianne Foster
movieId: IF115  actor: Pat Obrien
movieId: IF115  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: IF115  actor: Edward Brophy
movieId: IF115  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: IF115  actor: Jimmy Gleason
movieId: IF115  actor: John Carradine
movieId: IF115  actor: Ricardo Cortez
movieId: IF115  actor: Wallace Ford
movieId: IF115  actor: Frank McHugh
movieId: IF115  actor: Frank Albertson
movieId: IF115  actor: Anna Lee
movieId: IF115  actor: Jane Darwell
movieId: IF115  actor: Willis Bouchey
movieId: IF115  actor: Basil Ruysdael
movieId: IF120  actor: John Wayne
movieId: IF120  actor: James Stewart
movieId: IF120  actor: Vera Miles
movieId: IF120  actor: Lee Marvin
movieId: IF120  actor: Edmond OBrien
movieId: IF120  actor: John Carradine
movieId: IF120  actor: Andy Devine
movieId: IF120  actor: Woody Strode
movieId: IF120  actor: Strother Martin
movieId: IF125  actor: John Wayne
movieId: IF125  actor: Lee Marvin
movieId: IF125  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: IF125  actor: Elizabeth Allen
movieId: IF125  actor: Dorothy Lamour
movieId: IF125  actor: Cesar Romero
movieId: IF125  actor: Mike Mazurki
movieId: IF125  actor: Elizabeth Allen
movieId: IF125  actor: Lee Allen
movieId: IF129  actor: Richard Widmark
movieId: IF129  actor: Carroll Baker
movieId: IF129  actor: Karl Malden
movieId: IF129  actor: Sal Mineo
movieId: IF129  actor: Dolores delRio
movieId: IF135  actor: Ann Bancroft
movieId: IF135  actor: Flora Robson
movieId: IF135  actor: Margaret Leighton
movieId: IF135  actor: Sue Lyons
movieId: IF135  actor: Mildred Dunnock
movieId: IF135  actor: Betty Field
movieId: IF135  actor: Anna Lee
movieId: IF135  actor: Eddie Albert
movieId: IF135  actor: Mike Mazurki
movieId: IF135  actor: Woody Strode
movieId: IF135  actor: Irene Tsu
movieId: IFa8  actor: Ann Sheridan
movieId: IFa8  actor: Margaret Lindsay
movieId: IFa8  actor: Marie Wilson
movieId: IFa8  actor: John Litel
movieId: IFa8  actor: Dick Purcell
movieId: IFa14  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: IFa14  actor: Maureen OHara
movieId: IFa17  actor: Alan Ladd
movieId: IFa17  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: IFa17  actor: William Bendix
movieId: IFa17  actor: Philip Ahn
movieId: IFa17  actor: Iris Wong
movieId: IFa17  actor: Sen Yung
movieId: IFa17  actor: Richard Loo
movieId: IFa17  actor: Tala Birell
movieId: IFa18  actor: Robert Watson
movieId: IFa18  actor: Martin Kosleck
movieId: IFa18  actor: Victor Varconi
movieId: IFa18  actor: Luis vanRooten
movieId: IFa18  actor: Alexander Pope
movieId: IFa18  actor: Roman Bohnen
movieId: IFa18  actor: Ivan Triesault
movieId: IFa18  actor: Helene Thimmig
movieId: IFa18  actor: Reinhold Schunzel
movieId: IFa18  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: IFa18  actor: Alexander Granach
movieId: IFa24  actor: Alan Ladd
movieId: IFa24  actor: Gail Russell
movieId: IFa24  actor: Wiliam Bendix
movieId: IFa24  actor: June Duprez
movieId: IFa24  actor: Lowell Gilmore
movieId: IFa25  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: IFa25  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: IFa25  actor: Maureen OSullivan
movieId: IFa25  actor: Rita Johnson
movieId: IFa25  actor: Elsa Lanchester
movieId: IFa28  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: IFa28  actor: Thomas Mitchell
movieId: IFa28  actor: Audrey Totter
movieId: IFa28  actor: George Macready
movieId: IFa28  actor: Fred Clark
movieId: IFa32  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: IFa32  actor: Jane Russell
movieId: IFa32  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: IFa32  actor: Raymond Burr
movieId: IFa32  actor: Tim Holt
movieId: IFa32  actor: Charles McGraw
movieId: IFa32  actor: Marjorie Reynolds
movieId: IFa32  actor: Jim Backus
movieId: IFa34  actor: John Wayne
movieId: IFa34  actor: Geraldine Page
movieId: IFa34  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: IFa34  actor: Michael Pate
movieId: IFa45  actor: Rod Steiger
movieId: IFa45  actor: Diana Dors
movieId: IFa45  actor: Tom Tryon
movieId: IFa45  actor: Beulah Bondi
movieId: IFa45  actor: Marie Windsor
movieId: IFa45  actor: Arthur Franz
movieId: IFa45  actor: Luis vanRooten
movieId: IFa50  actor: Susana Canales
movieId: IFD25  actor: Anne Harding
movieId: IFD25  actor: James rennie
movieId: IFD25  actor: Harry Bannister
movieId: IFD25  actor: Ben Hendricks~jr
movieId: IFD25  actor: J.Farrell MacDonald
movieId: IFD50  actor: Clara Bow
movieId: IFD50  actor: Gilbert Roland
movieId: IFD50  actor: Monroe Owsley
movieId: IFD50  actor: Thelma Todd
movieId: IFo10  actor: Will Ferrell
movieId: IFo10  actor: Chris Kattan
movieId: IFr4  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: IFr4  actor: Laurence Harvey
movieId: IFr4  actor: Janet Leigh
movieId: IFr4  actor: Angela Lansbury
movieId: IFr4  actor: Henry Silva
movieId: IFr4  actor: James Gregory
movieId: IFr4  actor: Leslie Parrish
movieId: IFr4  actor: John McGiver
movieId: IFr4  actor: Lloyd Corrigan
movieId: IFr5  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: IFr5  actor: Karl Malden
movieId: IFr5  actor: Thelma Ritter
movieId: IFr5  actor: Telly Savalas
movieId: IFr5  actor: Neville Brand
movieId: IFr5  actor: Edmond OBrien
movieId: IFr6  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: IFr6  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: IFr6  actor: Fredric March
movieId: IFr6  actor: Ava Gardner
movieId: IFr6  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: IFr6  actor: Edmond OBrien
movieId: IFr6  actor: George Macready
movieId: IFr6  actor: John Houseman
movieId: IFr7  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: IFr7  actor: Paul Scofield
movieId: IFr7  actor: Michel Simon
movieId: IFr7  actor: Albert Remy
movieId: IFr7  actor: Wolfgang Preiss
movieId: IFr7  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: IFr7  actor: Suzanne Flon
movieId: IFr8  actor: John Randolph
movieId: IFr8  actor: Rock Hudson
movieId: IFr8  actor: Will Geer
movieId: IFr8  actor: Salome Jens
movieId: IFr8  actor: Jeff Corey
movieId: IFr8  actor: Richard Anderson
movieId: IFr8  actor: Murray Hamilton
movieId: IFr8  actor: Wesley Addy
movieId: IFr10  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: IFr10  actor: Paul Scofield
movieId: IFr10  actor: Jean Moreau
movieId: IFr10  actor: s a
movieId: IFr10  actor: s a
movieId: IFr12  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: IFr12  actor: Deborah Kerr
movieId: IFr12  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: IFr12  actor: Scott Wilson
movieId: IFr12  actor: William Windom
movieId: IFr12  actor: Bonnie Bedelia
movieId: IFr12  actor: Sheree North
movieId: IFr14  actor: Michel Auclair
movieId: IFr14  actor: Evans Evans
movieId: IFr14  actor: Alan Bates
movieId: IFr14  actor: Laurence deMonaghan
movieId: IFr14  actor: Lea Massani
movieId: IFr14  actor: Dominique Sanda
movieId: IFr18  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: IFr18  actor: Bernard Fresson
movieId: IFr18  actor: JeanPierre Castaldi
movieId: IFr18  actor: Fernando Rey
movieId: IFr19  actor: Robert Shaw
movieId: IFr19  actor: Marthe Keller
movieId: IFr19  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: IFr19  actor: Fritz Weaver
movieId: IFr19  actor: Steven Keats
movieId: IFr25  actor: Talia Shire
movieId: IFr25  actor: Robert Foxworth
movieId: IFr25  actor: Armand Assante
movieId: IFr25  actor: Richard Dysart
movieId: IFr30  actor: Scott Glenn
movieId: IFr30  actor: Toshiro Mifune
movieId: IFr33  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: IFr35  actor: Roy Scheider
movieId: IFr35  actor: AnnMargret
movieId: IFr35  actor: Vanity
movieId: IFr35  actor: John Glover
movieId: IFr35  actor: Robert Trebor
movieId: IFr35  actor: Lonny Chapman
movieId: IFy10  actor: William Devane
movieId: IFy10  actor: Tommy Lee Jones
movieId: IFy10  actor: Linda Haynes
movieId: IFy10  actor: James Best
movieId: IFy10  actor: Dabney Coleman
movieId: IFy20  actor: Jan-Michael Vincent
movieId: IFy20  actor: Art Carney
movieId: IFr40  actor: Andrew McCarthy
movieId: IFr40  actor: Sharon Stone
movieId: IFr40  actor: Valeria Golino
movieId: IFr40  actor: John Pankow
movieId: IFr40  actor: George Murcell
movieId: IFr50  actor: Edward Furlong
movieId: IFr50  actor: Amy Hargreaves
movieId: IFr50  actor: Jamie Marsh
movieId: IFr50  actor: T.Ryder Smith
movieId: IFr50  actor: Frank Langella
movieId: IFr51  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: IFr51  actor: Val Kilmer
movieId: IFr51  actor: David Thewlis
movieId: IFr51  actor: Fairuza Balk
movieId: IFr52  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: IFr52  actor: Jean Reno
movieId: IFr52  actor: Natascha McElhone
movieId: IFr52  actor: Stellan Skarsgard
movieId: IFr52  actor: Sean Bean
movieId: IFr52  actor: Katerina Witt
movieId: IFr52  actor: Jonathan Pryce
movieId: IFr52  actor: Michael Lonsdale
movieId: IFr52  actor: Skipp Sudduth "Larry"
movieId: IFy27  actor: Brian Dennehy
movieId: IFy27  actor: James Woods
movieId: IG3  actor: Roger Moore
movieId: IG3  actor: Tanya Roberts
movieId: IG3  actor: Grace Jones
movieId: IG3  actor: Patrick MacNee
movieId: IG3  actor: Christopher Walken
movieId: IG3  actor: Lois Maxwell
movieId: IG4  actor: Timothy Dalton
movieId: IG4  actor: Maryam dAbo
movieId: IG4  actor: Jeroen Krabbe
movieId: IG4  actor: John RhysDavis
movieId: IG4  actor: Kamran Shah
movieId: IG4  actor: Joe Don Baker
movieId: IG4  actor: Michael G. Wilson
movieId: IG4  actor: Lois Maxwell
movieId: IG4  actor: Robert Bur
movieId: IG4  actor: s a
movieId: IG5  actor: Timothy Dalton
movieId: IG5  actor: Carrie Lowell
movieId: IG5  actor: Robert Davi
movieId: IG5  actor: Anthony Durbee
movieId: IG6  actor: Timothy Dalton
movieId: IG6  actor: Carrie Lowell
movieId: IG6  actor: Robert Davi
movieId: IG6  actor: Anthony Zerbe
movieId: IG6  actor: Talisa Soto
movieId: IG6  actor: Anthony Zerbe
movieId: IG6  actor: Frank McRae
movieId: IG6  actor: Everett McGill
movieId: IG6  actor: Desmond Llewellyn
movieId: IG6  actor: Robert Brown
movieId: IG6  actor: Caroline Bliss
movieId: IG6  actor: Anthony Staker
movieId: IG6  actor: Pedro Armendariz
movieId: IG6  actor: Wayne Newton
movieId: IG6  actor: Grand L. Bush
movieId: IGA50  actor: George Arliss
movieId: IGA50  actor: Doris Kenyon
movieId: IGA50  actor: Mantagu Love
movieId: IGA50  actor: Dudley Digges
movieId: IGA50  actor: Lionel Belmore
movieId: IGA50  actor: Alan Mobray
movieId: IGB10  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: IGB45  actor: James Cagney
movieId: IGB45  actor: Mae Clarke
movieId: IGB45  actor: James Burke
movieId: IGB45  actor: Edward Brophy
movieId: IGB45  actor: Henry Kolker
movieId: IGB50  actor: Oliver Hardy
movieId: IGB50  actor: Billy Gilbert
movieId: IGB50  actor: Patricia Ellis
movieId: IGB50  actor: Minna Gombell
movieId: IGB50  actor: James Finlayson
movieId: IGg10  actor: Rosalind Russell
movieId: IGg10  actor: Leo Gann
movieId: IGg10  actor: Sidney Greenstreet
movieId: IGg10  actor: Claire Trevor
movieId: IGg10  actor: Leon Ames
movieId: IGg10  actor: Frank McHugh
movieId: IGi10  actor: Nigel Patrick
movieId: IGi10  actor: Jack Palance
movieId: IGi10  actor: Anita Ekberg
movieId: IGi10  actor: Anthony Newley
movieId: IGi10  actor: Bonar Colleano
movieId: IGi10  actor: Sid James
movieId: IGi10  actor: Donald Pleasence
movieId: IGi20  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: IGi20  actor: John Fraser
movieId: IGi20  actor: Bernard Lee
movieId: IGi20  actor: William Franklyn
movieId: IGi20  actor: June Thorburn
movieId: IGi20  actor: Miles Malleson
movieId: IGi20  actor: Michele Mercier
movieId: IGi20  actor: George Couloris
movieId: IGi25  actor: John Phillips
movieId: IGi25  actor: Andre Morell
movieId: IGi25  actor: David Buck
movieId: IGi25  actor: Elizabeth Sellars
movieId: IGi25  actor: Catherine Lacey
movieId: IGi25  actor: Maggie Kimberley
movieId: IGi25  actor: Michael Ripper
movieId: IgR2  actor: Kent Taylor
movieId: IgR2  actor: Linda Hayes
movieId: IgR2  actor: Howard daSilva
movieId: IgR2  actor: Ralph Morgan
movieId: IgR2  actor: Don Dillaway
movieId: IgR2  actor: Clay Clement
movieId: IgR2  actor: Fred Niblo
movieId: IgR5  actor: Lucille Ball
movieId: IgR5  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: IgR5  actor: Eugene Pallette
movieId: IgR5  actor: Agnes Moorehead
movieId: IgR5  actor: Virginia Weidler
movieId: IgR5  actor: Barton McLane
movieId: IgR5  actor: Ozzie Nelson
movieId: IgR5  actor: Sam Levene
movieId: IgR5  actor: Ray Collins
movieId: IgR5  actor: Marion Martin
movieId: IgR5  actor: s a
movieId: IgR10  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: IgR10  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: IgR10  actor: Shirley Temple
movieId: IgR10  actor: Ray Collins
movieId: IgR10  actor: Rudy Vallee
movieId: IgR10  actor: Harry Davenport
movieId: IgR10  actor: Johnny Sands
movieId: IgR10  actor: Don Beddoe
movieId: IgR14  actor: William Powell
movieId: IgR14  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: IgR14  actor: Mark Stevens
movieId: IgR14  actor: Betsy Drake
movieId: IgR14  actor: Hope Emerson
movieId: IgR14  actor: Lloyd Corrigan
movieId: IgR14  actor: Walter Catlett
movieId: IgR14  actor: Jean Hersholt
movieId: IgR15  actor: Emlyn Williams
movieId: IgR15  actor: Eve Arden
movieId: IgR15  actor: Howard daSilva
movieId: IgR15  actor: Ruth Warrick
movieId: IgR15  actor: Shepperd Strudwick
movieId: IgR15  actor: Vanessa Brown
movieId: IgR15  actor: Billie Burke
movieId: IgR15  actor: Jonathan Hale
movieId: IgR19  actor: Lew Ayres
movieId: IgR19  actor: Marilyn Maxwell
movieId: IgR19  actor: Robert Hutton
movieId: IgR19  actor: Andy Devine
movieId: IgR19  actor: Raymond Burr
movieId: IgR19  actor: Jeff Corey
movieId: IGs10  actor: s a
movieId: IGs10  actor: s a
movieId: IGs10  actor: s a
movieId: IGs10  actor: s a
movieId: IGs10  actor: s a
movieId: IGs10  actor: s a
movieId: IGs20  actor: John Robinson
movieId: IGs20  actor: Normand Fateux
movieId: IGu15  actor: Gordon Scott
movieId: IGu18  actor: Jock Mahoney
movieId: IGu18  actor: Jai
movieId: IGu18  actor: Gajendra
movieId: IGu18  actor: Mark Dana
movieId: IGu18  actor: Leo Gordon
movieId: IGu21  actor: George Peppard
movieId: IGu21  actor: James Mason
movieId: IGu21  actor: Ursula Andress
movieId: IGu21  actor: Jeremy Kemp
movieId: IGu21  actor: Karl Michael Vogler
movieId: IGu21  actor: Anton Diffring
movieId: IGu21  actor: Derren Nesbitt
movieId: IGu26  actor: Richard Roundtree
movieId: IGu26  actor: Moses Gunn
movieId: IGu26  actor: Vonetta McGee
movieId: IGu26  actor: Neda Arneric
movieId: IGu26  actor: Frank Finlay
movieId: IGu26  actor: Marne Maitland
movieId: IGu28  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: IGu28  actor: Steve McQueen
movieId: IGu28  actor: William Holden
movieId: IGu28  actor: Faye Dunaway
movieId: IGu28  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: IGu28  actor: Susan Blakely
movieId: IGu28  actor: Richard Chamberlain
movieId: IGu28  actor: Robert Vaughn
movieId: IGu28  actor: Jennifer Jones
movieId: IGu28  actor: O.J. Simpson
movieId: IGu28  actor: Robert Wagner
movieId: IGu28  actor: John Crawford
movieId: IGu29  actor: Jeff Bridges
movieId: IGu29  actor: Charles Grodin
movieId: IGu29  actor: Jessica Lange
movieId: IGu29  actor: John Randolph
movieId: IGu29  actor: Ren\'e Auberjonois
movieId: IGu29  actor: Ed Lauter
movieId: IGu31  actor: Maggie Smith
movieId: IGu31  actor: Angela Lansbury
movieId: IGu31  actor: Peter Ustinov
movieId: IGu31  actor: Mia Farrow
movieId: IGu31  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: IGu31  actor: I.S. Johar
movieId: IGu31  actor: Simon McCorkindale
movieId: IGu31  actor: Jon Finch
movieId: IGu31  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: IGu31  actor: David Niven
movieId: IGu31  actor: Olivia Hussey
movieId: IGu31  actor: Harry Andrews
movieId: IGu31  actor: Jane Birkin
movieId: IGu31  actor: Lois Chiles
movieId: IGu31  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: IGy10  actor: Steven Seagal
movieId: IGy10  actor: Keenan J. Wyams
movieId: IH1  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: IH1  actor: Mary Astor
movieId: IH1  actor: Gladys George
movieId: IH1  actor: Jerome Cowan
movieId: IH1  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: IH1  actor: Sidney Greenstreet
movieId: IH1  actor: Elisha Cook~Jr.
movieId: IH1  actor: Lee Patrick
movieId: IH1  actor: a s
movieId: IH1  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: IH1  actor: Barton MacLane
movieId: IH1  actor: James Burke
movieId: IH1  actor: Murray Alper
movieId: IH1  actor: John Hamilton
movieId: IH1  actor: s.a.
movieId: IH1  actor: Emory Parnell
movieId: IH1  actor: Walter Huston
movieId: IH1  actor: none
movieId: IH2  actor: Walter Huston
movieId: IH3  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: IH3  actor: Mary Astor
movieId: IH3  actor: Sydney Greenstreet
movieId: IH3  actor: Sen Yung
movieId: IH3  actor: Charles Halton
movieId: IH3  actor: Monte Blue
movieId: IH3  actor: Keye Luke
movieId: IH3  actor: Richard Loo
movieId: IH3  actor: Chester Gan
movieId: IH3  actor: Kam Tong
movieId: IH11  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: IH11  actor: Walter Huston
movieId: IH11  actor: Tim Holt
movieId: IH11  actor: Alfonso Bedoya
movieId: IH11  actor: Robert Blake
movieId: IH11  actor: Bruce Bennett
movieId: IH11  actor: John Huston
movieId: IH11  actor: Walter Huston
movieId: IH11  actor: Barton MacLane
movieId: IH11  actor: Manuel Donde
movieId: IH11  actor: A.Soto Rangel
movieId: IH12  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: IH12  actor: Lauren Bacall
movieId: IH12  actor: Claire Trevor
movieId: IH12  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: IH12  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: IH12  actor: Thomas Gomez
movieId: IH12  actor: Marc Lawrence
movieId: IH14  actor: Sterling Hayden
movieId: IH14  actor: Louis Calhern
movieId: IH14  actor: Sam Jaffe
movieId: IH14  actor: Jean Hagen
movieId: IH14  actor: James Whitmore
movieId: IH14  actor: Marc Lawrence
movieId: IH14  actor: John McIntire
movieId: IH14  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: IH14  actor: Barry Keyy
movieId: IH15  actor: Audie Murphy
movieId: IH15  actor: Bill Mauldin
movieId: IH15  actor: Royal Dano
movieId: IH15  actor: Douglas Dick
movieId: IH15  actor: John Dierkes
movieId: IH15  actor: Andy Devine
movieId: IH15  actor: Arthur Hunnicut
movieId: IH16  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: IH16  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: IH16  actor: Robert Morley
movieId: IH16  actor: Peter Bull
movieId: IH16  actor: Theodore Bikel
movieId: IH17  actor: Jose Ferrer
movieId: IH17  actor: Zsa Zsa Gabor
movieId: IH17  actor: Katherine Kath
movieId: IH17  actor: Colette Marchand
movieId: IH18  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: IH18  actor: Gina Lollobrigida
movieId: IH18  actor: Robert Morley
movieId: IH18  actor: Marco Tulli
movieId: IH18  actor: Ivor Barnard
movieId: IH18  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: IH18  actor: Jennifer Jones
movieId: IH18  actor: Edward Underdown
movieId: IH18  actor: Bernard Lee
movieId: IH19  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: IH19  actor: Richard Basehart
movieId: IH19  actor: Friedrich Ledebur
movieId: IH19  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: IH19  actor: James Robertson Justice
movieId: IH19  actor: Harry Andrews
movieId: IH19  actor: Bernard Miles
movieId: IH19  actor: Noel Purcell
movieId: IH19  actor: Edric Connor
movieId: IH19  actor: Joseph Tomelty
movieId: IH19  actor: Mervyn Johns
movieId: IH19  actor: Royal Dano
movieId: IH20  actor: Deborah Kerr
movieId: IH20  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: IH22  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: IH22  actor: Audrey Hepburn
movieId: IH22  actor: Audie Murphy
movieId: IH22  actor: Lilian Gish
movieId: IH22  actor: Charles Bickford
movieId: IH22  actor: Doug McClure
movieId: IH22  actor: John Saxon
movieId: IH22  actor: Joseph Wiseman
movieId: IH22  actor: Albert Salmi
movieId: IH23  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: IH23  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: IH23  actor: Montgomery Clift
movieId: IH23  actor: Eli Wallach
movieId: IH23  actor: Thelma Ritter
movieId: IH23  actor: Kevin McCarthy
movieId: IH23  actor: Marietta Tree
movieId: IH23  actor: James Barton
movieId: IH23  actor: Ralph Roberts
movieId: IH23  actor: Estelle Winwwod
movieId: IH26  actor: George C. Scott
movieId: IH26  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: IH26  actor: Dlive Brrok
movieId: IH26  actor: Dana Wynter
movieId: IH26  actor: Jacques Roux
movieId: IH26  actor: Walter Tony Huston
movieId: IH26  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: IH26  actor: Bernard Archard
movieId: IH26  actor: Gladys Cooper
movieId: IH26  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: IH26  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: IH26  actor: Tony Curtis
movieId: IH26  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: IH26  actor: John Huston
movieId: IH27  actor: Richard Burton
movieId: IH27  actor: Deborah Kerr
movieId: IH27  actor: Ava Gardner
movieId: IH27  actor: Sue Lyon
movieId: IH27  actor: Grayson Hall
movieId: IH27  actor: Cyril Delevanti
movieId: IH28  actor: John Huston
movieId: IH28  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: IH28  actor: Michael Parks
movieId: IH28  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: IH28  actor: Stephen Boyd
movieId: IH28  actor: George C. Scott
movieId: IH28  actor: Ava Gardner
movieId: IH28  actor: Franco Nero
movieId: IH29  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: IH29  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: IH29  actor: William Holden
movieId: IH29  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: IH29  actor: John Huston
movieId: IH29  actor: David Niven
movieId: IH29  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: IH29  actor: Ursula Andress
movieId: IH29  actor: Deborah Kerr
movieId: IH29  actor: Jacqueline Bisset
movieId: IH29  actor: Joanna Pettet
movieId: IH29  actor: Daliah Lavi
movieId: IH29  actor: Kurt Kasznar
movieId: IH29  actor: Derek Nimmo
movieId: IH29  actor: George Raft
movieId: IH29  actor: Peter OToole
movieId: IH29  actor: JeanPaul Belmondo
movieId: IH30  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: IH30  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: IH30  actor: Brian Keith
movieId: IH30  actor: Julie Harris
movieId: IH30  actor: Zorro David
movieId: IH30  actor: Robert Forster
movieId: IH31  actor: Anjelica Huston
movieId: IH34  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: IH34  actor: Ava Gardner
movieId: IH34  actor: Victoria Principal
movieId: IH34  actor: Jacqueline Bisset
movieId: IH34  actor: Anthony Perkins
movieId: IH34  actor: John Huston
movieId: IH34  actor: Tab Hunter
movieId: IH34  actor: Stacy Keach
movieId: IH34  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: IH34  actor: Ned Beatty
movieId: IH35  actor: Stacy Keach
movieId: IH35  actor: Jeff Bridges
movieId: IH35  actor: Susan Tyrell
movieId: IH35  actor: Curtis Cokes
movieId: IH35  actor: Candy Clark
movieId: IH35  actor: Art Aragon
movieId: IH35  actor: Nicholas Colosanto
movieId: IH38  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: IH38  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: IH38  actor: Saeed Jaffrey
movieId: IH38  actor: Christopher Plummer
movieId: IH38  actor: Jack May
movieId: IH38  actor: Shakira Caine
movieId: IH39  actor: Brad Dourif
movieId: IH39  actor: Harry Dean Stanton
movieId: IH39  actor: Ned Beatty
movieId: IH42  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: IH42  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: IH42  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: IH42  actor: Pele
movieId: IH42  actor: Bobby Moore
movieId: IH42  actor: George Mikell
movieId: IH42  actor: Daniel Massey
movieId: IH43  actor: Aileen Quinn
movieId: IH43  actor: Albert Finney
movieId: IH43  actor: Carol Burnett
movieId: IH43  actor: Bernadette Peters
movieId: IH43  actor: Ann Reinking
movieId: IH43  actor: Tim Curry
movieId: IH43  actor: Geoffrey Holder
movieId: IH43  actor: Edward Herrmann
movieId: IH43  actor: Lois deBanzie
movieId: IH45  actor: John Huston
movieId: IH47  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: IH47  actor: Kathleen Turner
movieId: IH47  actor: Robert Loggia
movieId: IH47  actor: William Hickey
movieId: IH47  actor: John Randolph
movieId: IH47  actor: Anjelica Huston
movieId: IH50  actor: Donal McCann
movieId: IH50  actor: Anjelica Huston
movieId: IHA33  actor: Gene Tierney
movieId: IHA33  actor: Preston Foster
movieId: IHc10  actor: Michael Moriarty
movieId: IHc10  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: IHc10  actor: Vincent Gardenia
movieId: IHk10  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: IHk10  actor: Kim Burfield
movieId: IHk10  actor: Lionel Stander
movieId: IHk10  actor: Walter Slezak
movieId: IHk10  actor: Rik Battaaglia
movieId: IHk20  actor: Sophia Loren
movieId: IHk20  actor: John Cassavetes
movieId: IHk20  actor: Robert Vaughn
movieId: IHk20  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: IHk20  actor: Patrick McGoohan
movieId: IHk20  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: IHk25  actor: John Cassavetes
movieId: IHk25  actor: Kerrie Keane
movieId: IHk25  actor: Helen Hughes
movieId: IHk25  actor: Erin Flannery
movieId: IHk25  actor: John Irland
movieId: IHk30  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: IHk30  actor: Michael Beck
movieId: IHk30  actor: Anne Seymour
movieId: IHm10  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: IHm10  actor: Jose Ferrer
movieId: IHm10  actor: John Houseman
movieId: IHm10  actor: Sam Jaffe
movieId: IHm10  actor: Dean Jagger
movieId: IHm10  actor: Fay Wray
movieId: IHu1  actor: Molly Ringwald
movieId: IHu1  actor: Anthony Michael Hall
movieId: IHu1  actor: Michael Schoeffling
movieId: IHu1  actor: Paul Dooley
movieId: IHu1  actor: Gedde Watanabe
movieId: IHu1  actor: Edward Andrews
movieId: IHu1  actor: Carlin Glynn
movieId: IHu1  actor: Justin Henry
movieId: IHu1  actor: Blanche Baker
movieId: IHu1  actor: John Cusack
movieId: IHu11  actor: Emelio Estevez
movieId: IHu11  actor: Molly Ringwald
movieId: IHu11  actor: Ally Sheedy
movieId: IHu11  actor: Anhony Michael Hall
movieId: IHu11  actor: s a
movieId: IHu12  actor: Anthony Michael Hall
movieId: IHu12  actor: Kelly LeBrock
movieId: IHu12  actor: Ilan MitchellSmith
movieId: IHu15  actor: Steve Martin
movieId: IHu15  actor: John Candy
movieId: IHu18  actor: Matthew Broderick
movieId: IHu20  actor: Molly Ringwald
movieId: IHu22  actor: John Candy
movieId: IHu22  actor: s a
movieId: IHu25  actor: James Belushi
movieId: IHu25  actor: Kelly Lynch
movieId: IHu25  actor: Alisan Porter
movieId: IHu25  actor: Gordie Schnorrer
movieId: IHu25  actor: Bill Dancer
movieId: IIl10  actor: John Ireland
movieId: IIl10  actor: Dorothy Malone
movieId: IIl10  actor: Bruce Carlisle
movieId: IIl10  actor: Marshall Bradford
movieId: IIl10  actor: Jean Howell
movieId: IIl10  actor: Bruno VeSota
movieId: IIr10  actor: Christopher Walken
movieId: IIr10  actor: Tom Berenger
movieId: IIr10  actor: Colin Blakely
movieId: IIr10  actor: JoBeth Williams
movieId: IIr12  actor: John Houseman
movieId: IIr12  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: IIr12  actor: Melvyn Douglas
movieId: IIr12  actor: Patricia Neal
movieId: IIr17  actor: John Hurt
movieId: IIr17  actor: Edward Woodward
movieId: IIr17  actor: Ben Johnson
movieId: IIr17  actor: Jan Francis
movieId: IIr21  actor: Anthony Barille
movieId: IIr21  actor: Don Cheadle
movieId: IIr30  actor: Mia Farrow
movieId: IIr30  actor: Joan Plowright
movieId: IIr30  actor: Jim Broadbent
movieId: IIr30  actor: Adrian Dunbar
movieId: IIr30  actor: Natasha Richardson
movieId: IIr32  actor: Vanessa Redgrave
movieId: IIr32  actor: Edward Fox
movieId: IIr32  actor: Uma Turman
movieId: IIr32  actor: Alida Valli
movieId: IIr32  actor: Cartier
movieId: IIr32  actor: Allessandro Gassman
movieId: IiS5  actor: s a
movieId: IiS10  actor: Ian Hart
movieId: IiS10  actor: Gary Brakewell
movieId: IiS10  actor: Chris ONeil
movieId: IiS10  actor: Scot Williams
movieId: IiS10  actor: Stephen Dorff
movieId: IiS10  actor: Sheryl Lee
movieId: IiS10  actor: Kai Wiesinger
movieId: IiS15  actor: Johnny Lee Miller
movieId: IiS15  actor: Angelina Jolie
movieId: IiS15  actor: Jess Bradford
movieId: IiS15  actor: Matthew Lillard
movieId: IiS17  actor: Helena Bonham Carter
movieId: IiS17  actor: Alison Elliott
movieId: IiS17  actor: Linus Roche
movieId: IiS17  actor: Elizabeth McGovern
movieId: IiS17  actor: Charlotte Rampling
movieId: IiS17  actor: Alex Jennings
movieId: IiS17  actor: Michael Gambin
movieId: IKo5  actor: Cicely Tyson
movieId: IKu10  actor: Amir Khan
movieId: IKu10  actor: Ajay Devgan
movieId: IKu10  actor: Juhi Chala
movieId: IKu10  actor: Kajol
movieId: IKu10  actor: Johny Lever
movieId: ILa10  actor: Arch Hall~jr
movieId: ILa10  actor: Marilyn Manning
movieId: ILa10  actor: Helen Hovey
movieId: ILa10  actor: Richard Alden
movieId: ILa10  actor: Don Russell
movieId: ILa31  actor: Jerry Zucker
movieId: ILa31  actor: James Abrahams
movieId: ILa31  actor: David Zucker
movieId: ILa31  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: ILa31  actor: Bill Bixby
movieId: ILa32  actor: John Belushi
movieId: ILa32  actor: Stephen Furst
movieId: ILa32  actor: Tim Matheson
movieId: ILa32  actor: John Vernon
movieId: ILa32  actor: Verna Bloom
movieId: ILa32  actor: Tom Hulce
movieId: ILa32  actor: Peter Riegert
movieId: ILa32  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: ILa32  actor: Mary Louise Weller
movieId: ILa33  actor: John Belushi
movieId: ILa33  actor: Dan Ackroyd
movieId: ILa33  actor: Cab Calloway
movieId: ILa33  actor: Kathleen Freeman
movieId: ILa33  actor: Carrie Fisher
movieId: ILa33  actor: Frank Oz
movieId: ILa33  actor: Chaka Khan
movieId: ILa33  actor: James Brown
movieId: ILa33  actor: Henry Gibson
movieId: ILa33  actor: Aretha Franklin
movieId: ILa33  actor: Ben Piazza
movieId: ILa33  actor: Ray Charles
movieId: ILa34  actor: David Naughton
movieId: ILa34  actor: Griffin Dunne
movieId: ILa34  actor: Jenny Agutter
movieId: ILa34  actor: John Landis
movieId: ILa38  actor: Eddie Murphy
movieId: ILa38  actor: Dan Ackroyd
movieId: ILa38  actor: Jamie Lee Curtis
movieId: ILa38  actor: Paul Gleason
movieId: ILa38  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: ILa38  actor: Don Ameche
movieId: ILa38  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: ILa38  actor: Jim Belushi
movieId: ILa38  actor: Kristin Holby
movieId: ILa40  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: ILa50  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: ILa50  actor: Vincent Spano
movieId: ILa50  actor: Ornella Mutti
movieId: ILa50  actor: Marisa Tomei
movieId: ILa50  actor: Peter Riegert
movieId: ILa50  actor: Richard Romanus
movieId: ILa50  actor: Dom Ameche
movieId: ILa50  actor: Kurtwood Smith
movieId: ILa50  actor: Yvonne deCarlo
movieId: ILa50  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: ILa50  actor: Harry Shearer
movieId: ILa50  actor: Martin Ferrero
movieId: ILa50  actor: Tim Curry
movieId: ILa50  actor: Eddie Bracken
movieId: ILa55  actor: Eddie Murphy
movieId: ILa55  actor: s a
movieId: ILa55  actor: Arsenio Hall
movieId: ILa55  actor: Shari Headley
movieId: ILa55  actor: Allison Dean
movieId: ILa55  actor: James Earl Jones
movieId: ILa55  actor: Madge Sinclair
movieId: ILa55  actor: Paul Bates
movieId: ILa55  actor: Sheila Johnson
movieId: ILa55  actor: Jake Steinfeld
movieId: ILa55  actor: Clint Smith
movieId: ILa55  actor: Arsenio Hall
movieId: ILa55  actor: Arsenio Hall
movieId: ILa55  actor: Arsenio Hall
movieId: ILa55  actor: Eddie Murphy
movieId: ILa55  actor: Eddie Murphy
movieId: ILa55  actor: Frankie Faison
movieId: ILa55  actor: John Amos
movieId: ILa55  actor: Eriq LaSalle
movieId: ILa55  actor: Vodie CurtisHall
movieId: ILa55  actor: Elaine Kagan
movieId: ILa55  actor: Samuel L. Johnson
movieId: ILa55  actor: Garcelle Beauvais
movieId: ILa55  actor: Feather
movieId: ILa55  actor: Stephanie Simon
movieId: ILa55  actor: Don Ameche
movieId: ILa55  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: ILa55  actor: Louie Anderson
movieId: ILa62  actor: Dan Ackroyd
movieId: ILa62  actor: John Goodman
movieId: ILa62  actor: Joe Morton
movieId: ILa62  actor: Aretha Franklin
movieId: ILa62  actor: B.B. King
movieId: ILb10  actor: George Rowe
movieId: ILb10  actor: Timothy Carey
movieId: ILb10  actor: Jose GonzalesGonzales
movieId: ILb10  actor: s a
movieId: ILb12  actor: George Rowe
movieId: ILb12  actor: Diane Webber
movieId: ILb12  actor: Timothy Carey
movieId: ILb12  actor: Jose GonzalesGonzales
movieId: ILb12  actor: Vicki Kantenwine
movieId: ILb12  actor: Nani Morisey
movieId: ILb12  actor: Judy Edwards
movieId: ILb12  actor: Jean Carroll
movieId: ILd10  actor: Eddie Murphy
movieId: ILd10  actor: Judge Reinhold
movieId: ILd10  actor: Timothy Carl Carol?
movieId: ILd10  actor: Hector Elizondo
movieId: ILd10  actor: Stephen McHattie
movieId: ILd10  actor: Thelma? Randle
movieId: ILd10  actor: Alan Young
movieId: ILd10  actor: John Saxon
movieId: ILd10  actor: Bronson Pinchot
movieId: ILd10  actor: Dan Martin
movieId: ILd10  actor: Milton Winston
movieId: IlE10  actor: Dorotha Segda
movieId: IlE10  actor: Dorotha Segda
movieId: IlE10  actor: Oleg Jankowski
movieId: ILf10  actor: Ally Sheedy
movieId: ILf10  actor: Katie Roiphe
movieId: ILf10  actor: Camille Paglia
movieId: ILf10  actor: Elizabeth Marshall Thomas
movieId: ILf10  actor: Lancd Henriksen
movieId: IlM5  actor: Laura Gemser
movieId: IlM5  actor: Tim Gabrille
movieId: IlM5  actor: Livia Rosso
movieId: IlM5  actor: Harris Stern
movieId: IlM5  actor: Nadia Neri
movieId: IlM10  actor: Claire Williams
movieId: IlM10  actor: Herbert Nofar
movieId: IlM10  actor: Ann Zarno
movieId: IlM10  actor: Tony Scopoleto
movieId: IlM10  actor: s a
movieId: ILn10  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: ILn10  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: ILn10  actor: Eileen Brennan
movieId: ILn10  actor: John Byner
movieId: ILs10  actor: Deidre Holland
movieId: ILs10  actor: Ashlin Gere
movieId: ILs10  actor: Rocco Siffredi
movieId: ILs10  actor: John Dough
movieId: ILs10  actor: A.J. Sparxx
movieId: ILs10  actor: Chiara Mastroianni
movieId: ILt17  actor: Phyllis Diller
movieId: ILt18  actor: Tom Hanks
movieId: ILt18  actor: Tim Allen
movieId: ILt18  actor: Kelsey Grammer
movieId: ILt18  actor: Don Rickles
movieId: ILy10  actor: John Hurt
movieId: ILy10  actor: Brenda Blethlyn
movieId: ILy10  actor: Pauline Flanagan
movieId: ILy10  actor: s a
movieId: IMd10  actor: Liam Neeson
movieId: IMd10  actor: Joan Allen
movieId: IMd10  actor: Patricia Arquette
movieId: IMd12  actor: Matt Dillon
movieId: IMd12  actor: Joan Chen
movieId: IMd12  actor: Bruno Kirby
movieId: IMd12  actor: Stan Egi
movieId: IMd12  actor: Tzi Ma
movieId: IMd12  actor: Teri Polo
movieId: IMd16  actor: Judi Dench
movieId: IMd16  actor: Bill Conolly
movieId: IMd16  actor: Antony Sher
movieId: IMd16  actor: Geoffrey Palmer
movieId: IMd17  actor: Joseph Fiennes
movieId: IMd17  actor: Gwyneth Paltrow
movieId: IMd17  actor: Geoffrey Rush
movieId: IMd17  actor: Colin Firth
movieId: IMd17  actor: Simon Callow
movieId: IMd17  actor: Rupert Everett
movieId: IMd17  actor: Martin Clunes
movieId: IMd17  actor: Ben Affleck
movieId: IMd17  actor: Judi Dench
movieId: IMd17  actor: Joe Roberts
movieId: IMd17  actor: Imelda Staunton
movieId: IMd17  actor: Sandra Reinton
movieId: IMd17  actor: Tom Wilkinson
movieId: IMd17  actor: Mark Williamson
movieId: IMd17  actor: Steven Beard
movieId: IMd17  actor: Anthony Sher
movieId: IMd17  actor: Paul Bigley
movieId: IMd17  actor: Jill Baker
movieId: IMd17  actor: Nicholas lePrevost
movieId: IMi1  actor: Warren Oates
movieId: IMi1  actor: Michelle Phillips
movieId: IMi1  actor: Richard Dreyfuss
movieId: IMi1  actor: Cloris Leachman
movieId: IMi4  actor: Arnold Schwarzenegger
movieId: IMi4  actor: James Earl Jones
movieId: IMi4  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: IMi4  actor: Sandahl Bergman
movieId: IMi4  actor: Gerry Lopez
movieId: IMi4  actor: Mako
movieId: IMi10  actor: Patrick Swayze
movieId: IMi10  actor: C. Thomas Howell
movieId: IMi10  actor: Lea Thompson
movieId: IMi10  actor: Charlie Sheen
movieId: IMi10  actor: Darren Dalton
movieId: IMi10  actor: Jennifer Grey
movieId: IMi10  actor: Ben Johnson
movieId: IMi10  actor: Harry Dean Stanton
movieId: IMi10  actor: Ron ONeal
movieId: IMi10  actor: Vladek Sheybal
movieId: IMi10  actor: Powers Boothe
movieId: IML100  actor: Douglas Kennedy
movieId: IML100  actor: Corey Allen
movieId: IML100  actor: Nancy Kulp
movieId: IML101  actor: Biff McGuire
movieId: IML101  actor: Mary Scott
movieId: IML101  actor: Robert Emhardt
movieId: IML101  actor: Phil Yarnis
movieId: IML101  actor: Raymond Guth
movieId: IML102  actor: Ralph Meeker
movieId: IML102  actor: Phyllis Thaxter
movieId: IML102  actor: s a
movieId: IML102  actor: s a
movieId: IMN10  actor: Michael Rooker
movieId: IMN10  actor: Tom Towles
movieId: IMN10  actor: Tracy Arnold
movieId: IMN12  actor: Eric Bogosian
movieId: IMN15  actor: Uma Thurman
movieId: IMN15  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: IMN15  actor: Uma Thurman
movieId: IMN15  actor: Bill Murray
movieId: IMN15  actor: David Caruso
movieId: IMN15  actor: s a
movieId: IMN15  actor: Kathy baker
movieId: IMN15  actor: Tom Towles
movieId: IMR10  actor: C.Thomas Howell
movieId: IMR10  actor: Sarah Trygger
movieId: IMR10  actor: Brian Austin Green
movieId: IMR10  actor: Dale Dye
movieId: IMR10  actor: Michael Bowen
movieId: IMR10  actor: Dannon Martin
movieId: IMR10  actor: Tony Eppley
movieId: IMR10  actor: Don Collier
movieId: IMR10  actor: Peter Abrams
movieId: IMR10  actor: Mescalito
movieId: IMS20  actor: Irene Dunne
movieId: IMS20  actor: John Boles
movieId: IMS20  actor: June Clyde
movieId: IMS20  actor: Doris Lloyd
movieId: IMS20  actor: George Meeker
movieId: IMS20  actor: Zasu Pitts
movieId: IMS20  actor: Paul Weigel
movieId: IMS20  actor: Jane Darwell
movieId: IMS20  actor: Shirley Casey
movieId: IMS20  actor: William Bakeswell
movieId: IMS20  actor: Arletta Duncan
movieId: IMS20  actor: James Donlan
movieId: IMS20  actor: Walter Catlett
movieId: IMS20  actor: Robert McWage
movieId: IMS25  actor: Claudette Colbert
movieId: IMS25  actor: Warren William
movieId: IMS25  actor: Louise Beavers
movieId: IMS25  actor: Ned Sparks
movieId: IMS25  actor: Rochelle Hudson
movieId: IMS25  actor: Fredi Washington
movieId: IMS25  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: IMS25  actor: Henry Armetta
movieId: IMS25  actor: Franklin Pangborn
movieId: IMS25  actor: Noel Francis
movieId: IMS25  actor: Hazel Washington
movieId: IMS25  actor: Madame SulTeWan
movieId: IMS25  actor: Hattie McDaniel
movieId: IMS25  actor: Henry Kolker
movieId: IMS30  actor: Irene Dunne
movieId: IMS30  actor: Robert Taylor
movieId: IMS30  actor: Ralph Morgan
movieId: IMS30  actor: Sara Haden
movieId: IMS30  actor: Theodore vonEltz
movieId: IMS30  actor: Charles Butterworth
movieId: IMS30  actor: Betty Furness
movieId: IMS30  actor: Arthur Hoyt
movieId: IMS30  actor: Gilbert Emery
movieId: IMS30  actor: Arthur Treacer
movieId: IMS40  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: IMS40  actor: Irene Dunne
movieId: IMS40  actor: Barbara ONeill
movieId: IMS40  actor: Nydia Westman
movieId: IMS50  actor: Monty Wooly
movieId: IMS50  actor: Gracie Fields
movieId: IMS50  actor: Laird Cregar
movieId: IMS50  actor: Eric Blore
movieId: IMS50  actor: Una OConnor
movieId: IMS50  actor: s a
movieId: IMS55  actor: Anne Revere
movieId: IMS60  actor: Gene Tierney
movieId: IMS60  actor: Cornel Wilde
movieId: IMS60  actor: Jaenne Crain
movieId: IMS60  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: IMS60  actor: Mary Phillips
movieId: IMS60  actor: Ray Collins
movieId: IMS60  actor: Gene Lockhart
movieId: IMS60  actor: Reed Hadley
movieId: IMS60  actor: Chill Wills
movieId: IMT10  actor: Bruce Willis
movieId: IMT10  actor: Bonnie Bedelia
movieId: IMT10  actor: Alan Rickman
movieId: IMT10  actor: Reginal Veljohnson
movieId: IMT10  actor: Alexander Godonov
movieId: IMT10  actor: Paul Gleason
movieId: IMT15  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: IMT15  actor: Alec Baldwin
movieId: IMT15  actor: Joss Auckland
movieId: IMT15  actor: Tim Curry
movieId: IMT15  actor: Rita Firt
movieId: IMT15  actor: James Earl Jones
movieId: IMT15  actor: Jeffrey Gere
movieId: IMT15  actor: Richard Jordan
movieId: IMT15  actor: Sam Neil
movieId: IMT15  actor: Skeggs
movieId: IMT15  actor: Fred Dalton
movieId: IMT15  actor: Courtney B. Vance
movieId: IMT15  actor: Anthony Peck
movieId: IMT15  actor: Ronald Guttman
movieId: IMT15  actor: Fred Thompson
movieId: IMT15  actor: s a
movieId: IMT20  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: IMT20  actor: Lorraine Bracco
movieId: IMT20  actor: Bekana Santos Kaiapo
movieId: IMT20  actor: Edinei Maria Serrio DosSantos
movieId: IMT20  actor: Elias Monteiro daSilva
movieId: IMT20  actor: Timmerman
movieId: IMT22  actor: Arnold Schwarzenegger
movieId: IMT22  actor: Austin OBrien
movieId: IMT22  actor: F.Murray Abraham
movieId: IMT22  actor: Charles Dance
movieId: IMT22  actor: Frank McRae
movieId: IMT22  actor: Tom Noonan
movieId: IMT22  actor: Robert Prosky
movieId: IMT22  actor: Joan Plowright
movieId: IMT22  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: IMT22  actor: Mercedes Ruehl
movieId: IMT22  actor: Art Carney
movieId: IMT22  actor: Ian McKellen
movieId: IMT22  actor: Tina Turner
movieId: IMT22  actor: Sharon Stone
movieId: IMT22  actor: Maria Shriver
movieId: IMT24  actor: Sharon Stone
movieId: IMT24  actor: Richard Gere
movieId: IMT24  actor: s a
movieId: IMT29  actor: Pierce Brosnan
movieId: IMT29  actor: Renee Russo
movieId: IMT29  actor: Steve McQueen
movieId: IMT29  actor: Renee Leary
movieId: IMT29  actor: Ben Gazarra
movieId: IMT29  actor: Frankie Faison
movieId: IMT29  actor: s a
movieId: IMT29  actor: Fritz Weaver
movieId: IMT29  actor: Charles Korvin
movieId: IMT29  actor: Ilona Margolis
movieId: IMT29  actor: Faye Dunaway
movieId: IMu10  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: IMu10  actor: Scott Weinger
movieId: IMu10  actor: Douglas Seale
movieId: IMu10  actor: Linda Larkin
movieId: IMu10  actor: Jonathan Freeman
movieId: IMu10  actor: Gilbert Gottfried
movieId: IMu10  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: IMu10  actor: s a
movieId: IMu20  actor: Tate Donovan
movieId: IMu20  actor: Susan Egan
movieId: IMu20  actor: Danny deVito
movieId: IMu20  actor: James Woods
movieId: IMu20  actor: Bobcat Goldwath
movieId: IMu20  actor: Matt Frewer
movieId: IMu22  actor: Charlize Theron
movieId: IMx10  actor: James Robertson Justice
movieId: IMx10  actor: Adrian Hoven
movieId: IMx10  actor: Albert Lieven
movieId: IMx10  actor: Nial McGinnis
movieId: IMx10  actor: Peter vanEyck
movieId: IMx10  actor: Robert Urquhart
movieId: IMx10  actor: Fenella Fielding
movieId: IMz10  actor: Bob Haskins
movieId: IMz10  actor: Bryan Marshall
movieId: IMz10  actor: Derek Thompson
movieId: IMz10  actor: Helen Mirren
movieId: IMz10  actor: Dave King
movieId: IMz10  actor: Brian Hall
movieId: IMz10  actor: Eddie Constantine
movieId: IMz10  actor: Stephen Davis
movieId: InA15  actor: Ronald Colman
movieId: InA15  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: InA15  actor: Cedric Hardwicke
movieId: InA15  actor: Groucho Marx
movieId: InA15  actor: Harpo Marx
movieId: InA15  actor: Chico Marx
movieId: InA15  actor: Hedy Lamarr
movieId: InA15  actor: Agnes Moorehead
movieId: InA15  actor: Reginald Gardiner
movieId: InA15  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: InA15  actor: Virginia Mayo
movieId: InA15  actor: Charles Coburn
movieId: InA15  actor: Francis X. Bushman
movieId: InA15  actor: Marie Wilson
movieId: InA15  actor: Edward Everett Horton
movieId: InA15  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: InA15  actor: George E. Stone
movieId: InA15  actor: Austin Green
movieId: InA28  actor: Walter Pidgeon
movieId: InA28  actor: Joan Fontaine
movieId: InA28  actor: Barbara Eden
movieId: InA28  actor: Robert Sterling
movieId: InA28  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: InA28  actor: Frankie Avalon
movieId: InA28  actor: Michael Ansara
movieId: InA28  actor: Henry Daniell
movieId: InA28  actor: Regis Toomey
movieId: InA30  actor: Cedric Hardwick
movieId: InA30  actor: Fabian
movieId: InA30  actor: Red Buttons
movieId: InA30  actor: Barbara Luna
movieId: InA30  actor: Richard Haydn
movieId: InA30  actor: Barbara Eden
movieId: InA30  actor: Billy Gilbert
movieId: InA30  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: InA30  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: InA30  actor: Henry Daniel
movieId: InA30  actor: Mike Mazurki
movieId: InA30  actor: s a
movieId: InA50  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: InA50  actor: Katharine Ross
movieId: InA50  actor: Richard Widmark
movieId: InA50  actor: Ben Johnson
movieId: InA50  actor: Olivia deHavilland
movieId: InA50  actor: Lee Grant
movieId: InA50  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: InA50  actor: Jose Ferrer
movieId: InA50  actor: Patty Duke Astin
movieId: InA50  actor: Slim Pickens
movieId: InA50  actor: Bradford Dillman
movieId: InA50  actor: Fred MacMurray
movieId: InB9  actor: MajBritt Nilsson
movieId: InB9  actor: Birger Malmsten
movieId: InB9  actor: Alf Kjellin
movieId: InB9  actor: Stig Olin
movieId: InB9  actor: George Funquist
movieId: InB11  actor: Eva Dahlbeck
movieId: InB11  actor: Anita Bj\"ork
movieId: InB11  actor: MajBritt Nilsson
movieId: InB11  actor: Gunnar Bjornstrand
movieId: InB11  actor: Jarl Kulle
movieId: InB11  actor: Birger Malmsten
movieId: InB14  actor: Eva Dahlbeck
movieId: InB14  actor: Gunnar Bjornstrand
movieId: InB14  actor: Harriet Anderson
movieId: InB15  actor: Harriet Anderson
movieId: InB15  actor: Ake Groenberg
movieId: InB18  actor: Victor Sjostrom
movieId: InB18  actor: Ingrid Thullin
movieId: InB18  actor: Gunnar Bjornstrand
movieId: InB18  actor: Bibi Anderson
movieId: InB18  actor: Bibi Anderson
movieId: InB18  actor: Naima Wilfstrand
movieId: InB18  actor: Julian Kindahl
movieId: InB18  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: InB18  actor: Gunnel Lindblom
movieId: InB18  actor: Folke Sundquist
movieId: InB18  actor: Maud Hansson
movieId: InB18  actor: Gertrude Fridh
movieId: InB18  actor: Bj\"orn Belvestam
movieId: InB18  actor: Ake Fridell
movieId: InB20  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: InB20  actor: Ingrid Thulin
movieId: InB20  actor: Gunnar Bjornstrand
movieId: InB20  actor: Naima Wifstrand
movieId: InB20  actor: Ake Fridell
movieId: InB20  actor: Lars Ekborg
movieId: InB20  actor: Bengt Ekerod
movieId: InB21  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: InB21  actor: Brigitte Valberg
movieId: InB21  actor: Gunnel Lindblom
movieId: InB21  actor: Brigitta Petterson
movieId: InB22  actor: Jarl Kulle
movieId: InB23  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: InB23  actor: Harriet Andersson
movieId: InB25  actor: Ingrid Thulin
movieId: InB25  actor: Gunnel Lindblom
movieId: InB27  actor: Liv Ullmann
movieId: InB27  actor: Bibi Andersson
movieId: InB27  actor: Gunnar Bjornstrand
movieId: InB27  actor: Jorgen Lindstrom
movieId: InB28  actor: Liv Ullman
movieId: InB28  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: InB29  actor: Liv Ullman
movieId: InB29  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: InB29  actor: Gunnar Bjornstrand
movieId: InB31  actor: Liv Ullman
movieId: InB31  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: InB31  actor: Bibi ASndersson
movieId: InB31  actor: Erland Josephson
movieId: InB32  actor: Bibi Andersson
movieId: InB32  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: InB32  actor: Elliott Gould
movieId: InB34  actor: Erland Josephson
movieId: InB34  actor: Liv Ullman
movieId: InB35  actor: Liv Ullmann
movieId: InB35  actor: Erland Josephson
movieId: InB35  actor: Gunnar Bjornstrand
movieId: InB35  actor: Aino TaubeHenriksson
movieId: InB37  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: InB37  actor: Liv Ullmann
movieId: InB37  actor: Halvar Bjork
movieId: InB41  actor: Gunn Wallgren
movieId: InB41  actor: Ewa Froeling
movieId: InB41  actor: Jan Malmsjoe
movieId: InB41  actor: Jarl Kulle
movieId: InB41  actor: Erland Josephson
movieId: InB41  actor: Boerje Ahlsted
movieId: InB41  actor: Mona Malm
movieId: InB41  actor: Pernilla Wallgren
movieId: InB41  actor: Harriet Andersson
movieId: InB41  actor: Allan Edwall
movieId: InB41  actor: Gunnar Bjornstrand
movieId: InB41  actor: Pernilla Allwin
movieId: InB41  actor: Bertil Guve
movieId: InH18  actor: s a
movieId: InH18  actor: s a
movieId: InH18  actor: s a
movieId: InH18  actor: s a
movieId: InH18  actor: s a
movieId: InH20  actor: Russ Tamblyn
movieId: INi10  actor: Kevin Sorbo
movieId: INS10  actor: Henry Czerny
movieId: INS10  actor: Johnny Morina
movieId: INS10  actor: Sebastian Spence
movieId: INS10  actor: Lise Roy
movieId: INS10  actor: David Hewlett
movieId: INS10  actor: Greg Thomey
movieId: INS10  actor: Alain Goulem
movieId: INw30  actor: Antoinette Bower
movieId: INw30  actor: Michael Rennie
movieId: INw30  actor: s a
movieId: INw31  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: INw31  actor: Charles Robinson
movieId: INw31  actor: Carole Eastman
movieId: INw31  actor: David Lewis
movieId: INw31  actor: Bartlett Robinson
movieId: INw31  actor: William Schallert
movieId: INw31  actor: Raven Gray Eagle
movieId: INw31  actor: Jo Helton
movieId: INw32  actor: Robert Webber
movieId: INw32  actor: Paul Hartman
movieId: INw33  actor: Dick York
movieId: INw33  actor: Wendell Holmes
movieId: INw50  actor: Robert Vaughn
movieId: INw50  actor: David McCallum
movieId: INw50  actor: Leo G. Carroll
movieId: INw60  actor: Dennis Waterman
movieId: INw60  actor: Patricia Brake
movieId: INw60  actor: Donald Houston
movieId: INw60  actor: Alexandra Bastedo
movieId: IoA10  actor: Angela Punch McGregor
movieId: IoA10  actor: Arthur Dignam
movieId: IoA10  actor: Martin Vaughn
movieId: IoA10  actor: Tony Barry
movieId: IoA10  actor: Tommy Lewis
movieId: IPa10  actor: Adrienne Burnett
movieId: IPa10  actor: s a
movieId: IPa10  actor: Brune VeSota
movieId: IPa10  actor: Ed McMahon
movieId: IPa10  actor: Angelo Rossitto
movieId: IPC25  actor: Albert Lieven
movieId: IPC25  actor: Jean Kent
movieId: IPC25  actor: David Tomlinson
movieId: IPC25  actor: David Hutchinson
movieId: IPC25  actor: Rona Anderson
movieId: IPC25  actor: Paul Dupuis
movieId: IPC25  actor: Finlay Curry
movieId: IPC25  actor: Alan Wheatley
movieId: IPC25  actor: Derrick deMsrney
movieId: IPC25  actor: Gr\'egoire Aslan
movieId: IPi10  actor: Dee Snider
movieId: IPi10  actor: s a
movieId: IPK10  actor: Vince Vaughn
movieId: IPK10  actor: Kata Capshaw
movieId: IPK10  actor: Jeremy Davis
movieId: IPK10  actor: Ashley Judd
movieId: IPq10  actor: Tim Allen
movieId: IPq10  actor: Sam Huntington
movieId: IPq10  actor: Martin Short
movieId: IPq10  actor: Lolita Davidovich
movieId: IPq10  actor: Davis Ogden Striers
movieId: IPq10  actor: JoBeth Williams
movieId: IPS1  actor: Tom Hanks
movieId: IPS1  actor: Dan Hedaya
movieId: IPS1  actor: Robert Stack
movieId: IPS1  actor: Lloyd Bridges
movieId: IPS1  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: IPS1  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: IPS1  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: IPS1  actor: Ossie Davis
movieId: IQd10  actor: Albert Finney
movieId: IQd10  actor: Martin Sheen
movieId: IQd10  actor: Susannah York
movieId: IRa4  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: IRa4  actor: Evelyn Ankers
movieId: IRa4  actor: Aubrey Mather
movieId: IRa4  actor: Edward Norris
movieId: IRa4  actor: Karen Verne
movieId: IRa4  actor: Henry Daniell
movieId: IRa4  actor: Ludwig Stossel
movieId: IRa5  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: IRa5  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: IRa5  actor: Evelyn Ankers
movieId: IRa5  actor: Reginald Denny
movieId: IRa5  actor: Montagu Love
movieId: IRa5  actor: Henry Daniell
movieId: IRa5  actor: Thomas Gomez
movieId: IRa5  actor: Mary Gordon
movieId: IRa10  actor: Morgan Conway
movieId: IRa10  actor: Anne Jeffries
movieId: IRa10  actor: Dick Wessel
movieId: IRa10  actor: Ian Keith
movieId: IRa10  actor: Lyle Lattel
movieId: IRa10  actor: Skelton Knaggs
movieId: IRa12  actor: Ralph Byrd
movieId: IRa12  actor: Jack Lambert
movieId: IRa12  actor: Kay Christopher
movieId: IRa14  actor: Ralph Byrd
movieId: IRa14  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: IRa14  actor: Anne Gwynne
movieId: IRa14  actor: Skelton Knaggs
movieId: IRa14  actor: Milton Parsons
movieId: IRa14  actor: Lex Barker
movieId: IRa14  actor: Robert Clarke
movieId: IrC51  actor: E.L. Park
movieId: IrC54  actor: Victor McLaglen
movieId: IrC54  actor: Mona Maris
movieId: IrC54  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: IrC54  actor: Luana Alcaniz
movieId: IrC54  actor: Michael Vavitch
movieId: IrC54  actor: Soledad Jiminez
movieId: IrC54  actor: Mona Rico
movieId: IrC55  actor: George OBrien
movieId: IrC55  actor: Rita LeRoy
movieId: IrC55  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: IrC55  actor: Stanley Fields
movieId: IrC55  actor: Robert Warwick
movieId: IrC55  actor: Richard Tucker
movieId: IrC55  actor: Earl Pingree
movieId: IrC56  actor: Duncan Renaldo
movieId: IrC67  actor: Shirley Temple
movieId: IrC67  actor: John Boles
movieId: IrC67  actor: Rochelle Hudson
movieId: IrC67  actor: Jane Darwell
movieId: IrC67  actor: Rafaela Ottinao
movieId: IrC67  actor: Esther Dale
movieId: IrC67  actor: Arthure treacher
movieId: IrC67  actor: Etienne Girardot
movieId: IrC73  actor: Shirley Temple
movieId: IrC76  actor: Don Ameche
movieId: IrC76  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: IrC76  actor: Beryl Mercer
movieId: IrC76  actor: Charles Trowbridge
movieId: IrC77  actor: Alice Faye
movieId: IrC77  actor: Dom Ameche
movieId: IrC77  actor: J.Edward Bromberg
movieId: IrC77  actor: Alan Curtis
movieId: IrC77  actor: Stuart Erwin
movieId: IrC77  actor: Jed Prouty
movieId: IrC77  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: IrC77  actor: Donald Meek
movieId: IrC77  actor: George Givot
movieId: IrC77  actor: Eddie Collins
movieId: IrC77  actor: Hank Mann
movieId: IrC77  actor: James Finlayson
movieId: IrC77  actor: Snub Pollard
movieId: IrC77  actor: Chick Chandler
movieId: IrC77  actor: Russell Hicks
movieId: IrC77  actor: Willie Fung
movieId: IrC77  actor: Ben Turpin
movieId: IrC77  actor: Chester Concklin
movieId: IrC79  actor: Alice Faye
movieId: IrC79  actor: Don Ameche
movieId: IrC79  actor: Edward Arnold
movieId: IrC79  actor: Warren William
movieId: IrC79  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: IrC79  actor: Leo Carrillo
movieId: IrC79  actor: Helen Westley
movieId: IrC79  actor: Dorothy Peterson
movieId: IrC79  actor: Ernest Truex
movieId: IrC79  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: IrC79  actor: Claude Allister
movieId: IrC79  actor: Lynn Bari
movieId: IrC79  actor: Eddie Foy~jr.
movieId: IrC79  actor: Una OConnor
movieId: IrC81  actor: Don Ameche
movieId: IrC81  actor: Alice Faye
movieId: IrC81  actor: Carmen Miranda
movieId: IrC81  actor: S.Z. Sakall
movieId: IrC81  actor: J. Carrol Naish
movieId: IrC81  actor: Curt Bois
movieId: IrC81  actor: Leonid Kinskey
movieId: IrC81  actor: Maria Montez
movieId: IrC86  actor: Betty Grable
movieId: IrC86  actor: Robert Young
movieId: IrC86  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: IrC86  actor: Reginald Gardiner
movieId: IrC86  actor: Virginia Grey
movieId: IrC86  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: IrC86  actor: Phil Regan
movieId: IrC95  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: IrC95  actor: Jane Russell
movieId: IrC95  actor: Grouch Marx
movieId: IrC95  actor: Don McGuire
movieId: IrC95  actor: Howard Freeman
movieId: IrC95  actor: s a
movieId: Ird10  actor: Grant Tilly
movieId: Ird10  actor: Donna Akersten
movieId: Ird10  actor: Dorothy McKegg
movieId: Ird12  actor: Grant Tilly
movieId: Ird14  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: Ird14  actor: Jane Birkin
movieId: Ird16  actor: Kerry Fox
movieId: Ird16  actor: Desmond Kelly
movieId: Ird16  actor: Katie Wolf
movieId: Ird16  actor: Tony Goldwyn
movieId: Ird16  actor: Rod Steiger
movieId: Ird16  actor: Robert Loggia
movieId: IrE1  actor: Jan Sterling
movieId: IrE1  actor: Karl Swenson
movieId: IrE1  actor: David Opatshu
movieId: IrE1  actor: Carl Betz
movieId: IrE1  actor: Linda Watkins
movieId: IrE1  actor: Mike Ragan
movieId: IrK2  actor: Don Murray
movieId: IrK2  actor: Keir Dullea
movieId: IrK2  actor: Larry Gates
movieId: IrK2  actor: Cindi Wood
movieId: IrK2  actor: Logan Ramsey
movieId: IrK7  actor: Jack Alexander
movieId: IrK7  actor: George C. Scott
movieId: IrK7  actor: Sue Lyon
movieId: IrK7  actor: Michael Sarrazani
movieId: IrK7  actor: Harry Morgan
movieId: IrK10  actor: Faye Dunaway
movieId: IrK10  actor: Tommy Lee Jones
movieId: IrK10  actor: Brad Dourif
movieId: IrK10  actor: Darlanne Fluegel
movieId: IrK10  actor: Raul Raul
movieId: IrK14  actor: Mark Hamill
movieId: IrK14  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: IrK14  actor: Carrie Fisher
movieId: IrK14  actor: Billy Dee Williams
movieId: IrK14  actor: Anthony Daniels
movieId: IrK14  actor: David Prowse
movieId: IrK14  actor: Peter Mayhew
movieId: IrK14  actor: Kenny Baker
movieId: IrK14  actor: Jeremy Bulloch
movieId: IrK14  actor: Frank Oz
movieId: IrK14  actor: Alec Guinness
movieId: IrK15  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: IrK15  actor: Klaus Maria Brandauer
movieId: IrK15  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: IrK15  actor: Barbara Carrera
movieId: IrK15  actor: Alec McGowan
movieId: IrK15  actor: Kim Basinger
movieId: IrK15  actor: Lois Maxwell
movieId: IrK25  actor: Peter Weller
movieId: IrK25  actor: Nancy Allen
movieId: IrK25  actor: Tom Noonan
movieId: IrK25  actor: Willard Pugh
movieId: IrK25  actor: Gabriel Damon
movieId: IrK25  actor: Galyn Gorg
movieId: IrK25  actor: Stephen Lee
movieId: IrK25  actor: Belinda Bauer
movieId: IrK27  actor: Bradley Whitford
movieId: IrL10  actor: Vince Edwards
movieId: IrL10  actor: Herschel Bernardi
movieId: IrL10  actor: Michael Granger
movieId: IrL10  actor: Joseph Mell
movieId: IrL10  actor: Caprice Toriel
movieId: IRo10  actor: Gena Rowlands
movieId: IRo10  actor: Tony Shalhoub
movieId: IRo10  actor: s a
movieId: IRo10  actor: Bruce Davidson
movieId: IRo10  actor: Cheech Marin
movieId: IrP1  actor: Fay Wray
movieId: IrP1  actor: Joel McCrea
movieId: IrP1  actor: Leslie Banks
movieId: IrP3  actor: Helen Gahagan
movieId: IrP3  actor: Randolph Scott
movieId: IrP3  actor: Helen Mack
movieId: IrP3  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: IrP3  actor: Gustav vonSeyfferlitz
movieId: IrP3  actor: Lumsden Hare
movieId: IrP3  actor: Samuel Hinds
movieId: IrP3  actor: Noble Johnson
movieId: IrP11  actor: Joan Bennett
movieId: IrP11  actor: Francis Lederer
movieId: IrP11  actor: Lloyd Nolan
movieId: IrP11  actor: Anna Sten
movieId: IrP11  actor: Otto Kruger
movieId: IrP11  actor: Maria Ouspenskaya
movieId: IrP11  actor: Ludwig Stoessel
movieId: IrP11  actor: Johnny Russell
movieId: IrP12  actor: Paul Muni
movieId: IrP12  actor: Laird Cregar
movieId: IrP12  actor: Gene Tierney
movieId: IrP12  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: IrP12  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: IrP12  actor: Montagu Love
movieId: IrP15  actor: Monty Woolley
movieId: IrP15  actor: Anne Baxter
movieId: IrP15  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: IrP15  actor: Otto Preminger
movieId: IrP15  actor: J.Carrol Naish
movieId: IrP15  actor: Lester Matthews
movieId: IrP15  actor: Jill Esmond
movieId: IrP15  actor: Peggy Ann Garner
movieId: IrP18  actor: Don Ameche
movieId: IrP18  actor: Frances Dee
movieId: IrP18  actor: Harry Carey
movieId: IrP18  actor: Ann Rutherford
movieId: IrP18  actor: Cara Williams
movieId: IrP18  actor: Henry Morgan
movieId: IrP18  actor: Richard Crane
movieId: IrP18  actor: Dickie Moore
movieId: IrP19  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: IrP19  actor: Alan Ladd
movieId: IrP19  actor: Susan Hayward
movieId: IrP19  actor: Beulah Bondi
movieId: IrP19  actor: Cecil Kellaway
movieId: IrP19  actor: Barry Sullivan
movieId: IrP21  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: IrP21  actor: Claudette Colbert
movieId: IrP21  actor: George Brent
movieId: IrP21  actor: Lucile Watson
movieId: IrP21  actor: Richard Long
movieId: IrP21  actor: Natalie Wood
movieId: IrP24  actor: Alan Ladd
movieId: IrP24  actor: Geraldine Fitzgerald
movieId: IrP27  actor: Robert Young
movieId: IrP27  actor: Susan Hayward
movieId: IrP27  actor: Rita Johnson
movieId: IrP27  actor: Jane greer
movieId: IrP27  actor: Tom Powers
movieId: IrP27  actor: Don Beddoe
movieId: IrP27  actor: Frank Ferguson
movieId: IrR5  actor: Barbara Stanwyk
movieId: IrR5  actor: George Brent
movieId: IrR5  actor: Geraldine Fitzgerald
movieId: IrR6  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: IrR6  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: IrR6  actor: Paul Henreid
movieId: IrR6  actor: John Loder
movieId: IrR6  actor: Gladys Cooper
movieId: IrR6  actor: Bonita Granville
movieId: IrR6  actor: Lee Patrick
movieId: IrR6  actor: Ilka Chase
movieId: IrR6  actor: Charles Drake
movieId: IrR6  actor: Franklin Pangborn
movieId: IrR8  actor: Fredric March
movieId: IrR8  actor: Alexis Smith
movieId: IrR8  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: IrR8  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: IrR8  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: IrR8  actor: John Carradine
movieId: IrR10  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: IrR10  actor: John Dall
movieId: IrR10  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: IrR10  actor: Joan Lorring
movieId: IrR10  actor: Rhys Williams
movieId: IrR10  actor: Rosalind Ivan
movieId: IrR10  actor: Mildred Dunnock
movieId: IrR10  actor: Arthur Shields
movieId: IrR12  actor: Robert Alda
movieId: IrR12  actor: Joan Leslie
movieId: IrR12  actor: Alexis Smith
movieId: IrR12  actor: Charles Coburn
movieId: IrR12  actor: Julie Bishop
movieId: IrR12  actor: Albert Basserman
movieId: IrR12  actor: Oscar Levant
movieId: IrR12  actor: Herbert Rudley
movieId: IrR12  actor: Rosemary deCamp
movieId: IrR12  actor: Morris Carnovsky
movieId: IrR12  actor: Al Jolson
movieId: IrR12  actor: Paul Whiteman
movieId: IrR12  actor: George White
movieId: IrR12  actor: Hazel Scott
movieId: IrR16  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: IrR16  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: IrR16  actor: Paul Henreid
movieId: IrR16  actor: John Abbott
movieId: IrR16  actor: Benson Fong
movieId: IrR23  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: IrR23  actor: Gary Merril
movieId: IrR27  actor: Michel Ray
movieId: IrR27  actor: Rodolfo Hoyos
movieId: IrR27  actor: Elsa Cardenas
movieId: IrR27  actor: Joi Lansing
movieId: IrR27  actor: Carlos Navarro
movieId: IrR30  actor: Gene Kelly
movieId: IrR30  actor: Natalie Wood
movieId: IrR32  actor: Carroll Baker
movieId: IrR32  actor: Roger Moore
movieId: IrR32  actor: Walter Slezak
movieId: IrR32  actor: vittorio Gassman
movieId: IrR32  actor: Katina Paxinou
movieId: IrR32  actor: Dennis King
movieId: IrR32  actor: Isobel Epsom
movieId: IrR32  actor: Torin Thatcher
movieId: IrR50  actor: Dean Jones
movieId: IrR50  actor: Anne Francis
movieId: IrR50  actor: Jay Robinson
movieId: IrR50  actor: Dana Andrews
movieId: IrR50  actor: Raymond StJacques
movieId: IRu10  actor: Larry Gilliard
movieId: IRu10  actor: Wendell Holmes
movieId: IRu10  actor: Suzanne Costallos
movieId: IRu10  actor: Barbara Gonzales
movieId: IrW10  actor: Philly Wohl
movieId: IrW10  actor: Zero Mostel
movieId: IS2  actor: Alan Bates
movieId: IS2  actor: June Ritchie
movieId: IS2  actor: Thora Hird
movieId: IS2  actor: Bert Palmer
movieId: IS2  actor: Gwen Nelson
movieId: IS3  actor: Tom Courtenay
movieId: IS3  actor: Julie Christy
movieId: IS3  actor: Wilfred Pickles
movieId: IS3  actor: Mona Washbourne
movieId: IS3  actor: Ethel Griffies
movieId: IS3  actor: Finlay Currie
movieId: IS4  actor: Julie Christie
movieId: IS4  actor: Miriam Brickman
movieId: IS5  actor: Julie Christie
movieId: IS5  actor: Peter Finch
movieId: IS5  actor: Terence Stamp
movieId: IS5  actor: Prunella Ransome
movieId: IS5  actor: Alan Bates
movieId: IS6  actor: Jon Voight
movieId: IS6  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: IS6  actor: Brenda Vaccaro
movieId: IS6  actor: Sylvia Miles
movieId: IS6  actor: John McGiver
movieId: IS6  actor: Barnard Hughes
movieId: IS7  actor: Peter Finch
movieId: IS7  actor: Glenda Jackson
movieId: IS7  actor: Murray Head
movieId: IS8  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: IS8  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: IS8  actor: Karen Black
movieId: IS8  actor: William Atherton
movieId: IS8  actor: Geraldine Page
movieId: IS8  actor: Richard A. Dysart
movieId: IS8  actor: Bo Hopkins
movieId: IS8  actor: Lelia Goldoni
movieId: IS9  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: IS9  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: IS9  actor: Roy Scheider
movieId: IS9  actor: Marthe Keller
movieId: IS9  actor: William Devane
movieId: IS9  actor: Fritz Weaver
movieId: IS10  actor: Vanessa Redgrave
movieId: IS10  actor: Richard Gere
movieId: IS10  actor: William Devane
movieId: IS11  actor: William Devane
movieId: IS11  actor: Beau Bridges
movieId: IS11  actor: Teri Garr
movieId: IS11  actor: Hume Cronyn
movieId: IS11  actor: Jessica Tandy
movieId: IS11  actor: Geraldine Page
movieId: IS11  actor: George Dzunda
movieId: IS20  actor: Shirley MacLaine
movieId: IS20  actor: Navin Chowdhury
movieId: IS20  actor: Peggy Ashcroft
movieId: IS20  actor: Shabana Azmi
movieId: IS20  actor: Geoffrey Bayldon
movieId: IS20  actor: Leigh Lawson
movieId: IS20  actor: Twiggy
movieId: IS25  actor: Matthew Modeine
movieId: IS25  actor: Melanie Griffith
movieId: IS25  actor: Michael Keaton
movieId: IS25  actor: Beverly dAngelo
movieId: IS25  actor: Dorian Harewood
movieId: IS25  actor: Laurie Metcalf
movieId: IS25  actor: Dan Hedaya
movieId: IS25  actor: Luca Bercovici
movieId: IS25  actor: Tippi Hedren
movieId: IS25  actor: Mako
movieId: IS25  actor: Nobu McCarthy
movieId: IS25  actor: Carol Lumbly
movieId: IS25  actor: Tracey Walter
movieId: IS25  actor: William Parker
movieId: IS25  actor: Tom Nolan
movieId: IS29  actor: Isabella Rossellini
movieId: IS29  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: IS29  actor: Macaulay Culkin
movieId: IS32  actor: Ian McKellan
movieId: IS32  actor: Kate Beckinsale
movieId: IS32  actor: Joanna Lumley
movieId: IS32  actor: Rufus Sewell
movieId: ISB10  actor: William Humphrey
movieId: ISB10  actor: Charles Kent
movieId: ISB10  actor: Julie Arthur
movieId: ISB10  actor: Earle Williams
movieId: ISB10  actor: Edith Storey
movieId: IsF10  actor: John Hayes Newton
movieId: IsF10  actor: Judie Aronson
movieId: IsF10  actor: Sam deFrancisco
movieId: IsF10  actor: Robert OReilley
movieId: IsF10  actor: Paul L. Smith
movieId: IsF10  actor: Biff Manard
movieId: IsF10  actor: David Correia
movieId: IsF10  actor: Barry Lynch
movieId: IHs10  actor: David Johansen
movieId: IHs10  actor: Julianne Moore
movieId: IsJ10  actor: s a
movieId: IsJ12  actor: Valentine Nonyela
movieId: IsJ12  actor: Mo Sesay
movieId: IsJ12  actor: Sophie Okonedo
movieId: IsJ12  actor: Jason Durr
movieId: IsM14  actor: Leelee Sobieskie
movieId: IsM14  actor: s a
movieId: IsM14  actor: Kris Kristofferson
movieId: IsM14  actor: Barbara Hershey
movieId: IsM14  actor: s a
movieId: IsM14  actor: s a
movieId: ISn1  actor: Ice Cube
movieId: ISn1  actor: Cuba Gooding~jr.
movieId: ISn1  actor: Larry Fishburne
movieId: ISn1  actor: Nia Long
movieId: ISn1  actor: Tyra Ferrell
movieId: ISn1  actor: Angela Bassett
movieId: ISn1  actor: John Cothran~jr.
movieId: ISn3  actor: Janet Jackson
movieId: ISn3  actor: Joe Torry
movieId: ISn3  actor: Tupac Shakur
movieId: ISn3  actor: Maya Angelou
movieId: ISn3  actor: Norma Donaldson
movieId: ISn3  actor: Regina King
movieId: ISn3  actor: Tyra Ferrell
movieId: ISn4  actor: Jennifer Connelly
movieId: ISn4  actor: Kristy Swanson
movieId: ISn4  actor: Michael Rappaport
movieId: ISn4  actor: Omar Epps
movieId: ISn4  actor: Ice Cube
movieId: ISn4  actor: Laurence Fishburne
movieId: ISn4  actor: Jennifer Connelly
movieId: ISR5  actor: Marguerite Clark
movieId: ISR5  actor: Alfred Hickman
movieId: ISR5  actor: Eugene OBrien
movieId: ISR5  actor: Hal Reid
movieId: ISR5  actor: Forrest Robinson
movieId: ISR20  actor: Evelyn Hall
movieId: ISR30  actor: Shirley Temple
movieId: ISR30  actor: Joel McCrea
movieId: ISR30  actor: Rosemary Ames
movieId: ISR30  actor: Lyle Talbot
movieId: ISR30  actor: Erin OBrienMoore
movieId: IsS3  actor: Klaus Maria Brandauer
movieId: IsS5  actor: Klaus Maria Brandauer
movieId: IsS5  actor: Armin MuellerStahl
movieId: IsS5  actor: Gudrun Landgrabe
movieId: IsS5  actor: Jan Niklas
movieId: IsS7  actor: Klaus Maria Brandauer
movieId: IsS10  actor: Glenn Close
movieId: IsS10  actor: Niels Arestrup
movieId: IsS11  actor: Johanna TerSteege
movieId: IsS11  actor: Eniko Borcsok
movieId: IsS11  actor: Peter Androair
movieId: IsS11  actor: Eva Kerekes
movieId: IsS11  actor: Erzsi Pastor
movieId: IsS15  actor: Ralph Fiennes
movieId: IsS15  actor: Ralph Fiennes
movieId: IsS15  actor: Ralph Fiennes
movieId: ISt9  actor: Harold Lloyd
movieId: ISt11  actor: Susan Peters
movieId: ISt11  actor: Alexander Knox
movieId: ISt11  actor: Peggy Ann Garner
movieId: ISt11  actor: May Whitty
movieId: ISt20  actor: Spencer tracy
movieId: ISt20  actor: John Ryan
movieId: ISt20  actor: Anne Francis
movieId: ISt20  actor: Dean Jagger
movieId: ISt20  actor: Walter Brennan
movieId: ISt20  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: ISt20  actor: John Ericson
movieId: ISt20  actor: Lee Marvin
movieId: ISt24  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: ISt24  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: ISt24  actor: Lee vanCleef
movieId: ISt24  actor: Jo vanFleet
movieId: ISt24  actor: Rhonda Fleming
movieId: ISt24  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: ISt24  actor: John Ireland
movieId: ISt24  actor: Frank Fayles
movieId: ISt24  actor: Kenneth Tobey
movieId: ISt24  actor: Earl Holliman
movieId: ISt26  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: ISt26  actor: Felipe Pazos
movieId: ISt26  actor: Harry Bellaver
movieId: ISt29  actor: Yul Brynner
movieId: ISt29  actor: Horst Buchholz
movieId: ISt29  actor: Steve McQueen
movieId: ISt29  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: ISt29  actor: Eli Wallach
movieId: ISt29  actor: James Coburn
movieId: ISt29  actor: Robert Vaughn
movieId: ISt29  actor: Brad Dexter
movieId: ISt29  actor: Vladimir Sokoloff
movieId: ISt29  actor: Rosenda Monteros
movieId: ISt30  actor: Lana Turner
movieId: ISt30  actor: Efrem Zimbalst~jr.
movieId: ISt30  actor: Jason Robards~jr.
movieId: ISt30  actor: Barbara BelGeddes
movieId: ISt30  actor: George Hamilton
movieId: ISt30  actor: Susan Kohner
movieId: ISt30  actor: Thomas Mitchell
movieId: ISt30  actor: Yvonne Craig
movieId: ISt30  actor: Everett Sloane
movieId: ISt31  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: ISt31  actor: Dean Martin
movieId: ISt31  actor: Peter Lawford
movieId: ISt31  actor: Sammy Davis~jr.
movieId: ISt31  actor: Joey Bishop
movieId: ISt31  actor: Henry Silva
movieId: ISt31  actor: Ruta Lee
movieId: ISt33  actor: Steve McQueen
movieId: ISt33  actor: James Garner
movieId: ISt33  actor: Richard Attenborough
movieId: ISt33  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: ISt33  actor: David McCallum
movieId: ISt33  actor: Donald Pleasance
movieId: ISt33  actor: James Donald
movieId: ISt33  actor: James Coburn
movieId: ISt33  actor: David McCallum
movieId: ISt33  actor: Gordon Jackson
movieId: ISt33  actor: John Leyton
movieId: ISt33  actor: Nigel Stock
movieId: ISt36  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: ISt36  actor: Richard Crenna
movieId: ISt36  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: ISt36  actor: James Franciscus
movieId: ISt36  actor: David Janssen
movieId: ISt36  actor: Lee Grant
movieId: ISt36  actor: Nancy Kovack
movieId: ISt36  actor: Mariette Hartley
movieId: ISt38  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: ISt38  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: ISt38  actor: John Saxon
movieId: ISt38  actor: Don Stroud
movieId: ISt40  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: ISt40  actor: Jill Ireland
movieId: ISy10  actor: Mark Arnott
movieId: ISy10  actor: Gordon Clapp
movieId: ISy10  actor: Maggie Cousineau-Arndt
movieId: ISy15  actor: Chris Cooper
movieId: ISy15  actor: James Earl Jones
movieId: ISy15  actor: Will Oldham
movieId: ISy15  actor: Mary McDonnell
movieId: ISy15  actor: Kevin Tighe
movieId: ISy15  actor: David Straithearn
movieId: ISy20  actor: Joe Morton
movieId: ISy20  actor: Tony LoBianco
movieId: ISy20  actor: Vincent Spano
movieId: ISy20  actor: Barbara Williams
movieId: ISy20  actor: Josh Mostel
movieId: ISy22  actor: Mary McDonnell
movieId: ISy22  actor: Angela Bassett
movieId: ISy22  actor: Alfre Woodard
movieId: ISy22  actor: Nora Dunn
movieId: ISy22  actor: David Strathairn
movieId: ISy22  actor: Sheila Kelley
movieId: ISy22  actor: s a
movieId: ISy22  actor: s a
movieId: ISy22  actor: Vondie CurtisHall
movieId: ISy22  actor: Leo Burmester
movieId: ISy22  actor: Marianne Mullerleile
movieId: ISy22  actor: s a
movieId: ISy22  actor: s a
movieId: ISy22  actor: s a
movieId: ISy22  actor: s a
movieId: ISy29  actor: Elizabeth Mastrantonio
movieId: ISy29  actor: David Straithairn
movieId: ISy29  actor: Vanessa Martinez
movieId: ISz10  actor: Lajos Kovacs
movieId: ISz10  actor: Diane Vacaru
movieId: ISz10  actor: s a
movieId: ISz10  actor: s a
movieId: IvM10  actor: Elsa Lanchester
movieId: IvM10  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: IvM10  actor: Harold Warrender
movieId: IvN10  actor: s a
movieId: IvN10  actor: s a
movieId: IvB10  actor: Gwen Watford
movieId: IvB10  actor: Kay Tendeter
movieId: IvB10  actor: Irving Steen
movieId: IvP10  actor: George Segal
movieId: IvP10  actor: Paula Prentiss
movieId: IvP10  actor: Karen Black
movieId: IvP10  actor: Hector Elixondo
movieId: IvP20  actor: Omar Sharif
movieId: IvP20  actor: Karen Black
movieId: IvP20  actor: Joseph Bottoms
movieId: IvP20  actor: Bernard Wicki
movieId: IvP24  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: IvP24  actor: Cybill Shepherd
movieId: IvP24  actor: Louis Jourdan
movieId: IvP24  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: IvP24  actor: Tom Smothers
movieId: IvP27  actor: John Heard
movieId: IvP27  actor: Jeff Bridges
movieId: IvP27  actor: Lisa Eichhorn
movieId: IvP40  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: IvP40  actor: Julia Ormond
movieId: IvP40  actor: Jeroen Krabbe
movieId: IvP40  actor: Joan Plowright
movieId: IvP40  actor: Maximilian Schell
movieId: IvR3  actor: Bill Murray
movieId: IvR4  actor: Bill Murray
movieId: IvR4  actor: Harold Ramis
movieId: IvR4  actor: Warren Oates
movieId: IvR4  actor: P.J. Soles
movieId: IvR4  actor: John Candy
movieId: IvR6  actor: Dan Ackroyd
movieId: IvR6  actor: Bill Murray
movieId: IvR6  actor: Sigourney Weaver
movieId: IvR6  actor: Ernie Hudson
movieId: IvR6  actor: Harold Ramis
movieId: IvR6  actor: Rick Moranis
movieId: IvR6  actor: Annie Potts
movieId: IvR6  actor: s a
movieId: IvR6  actor: David Margulis
movieId: IvR6  actor: Tom McDermott
movieId: IvR10  actor: Arnold Schwarzenegger
movieId: IvR10  actor: Danny deVito
movieId: IvR10  actor: Kelly Preston
movieId: IvR10  actor: s a
movieId: IvR12  actor: Bill Murray
movieId: IvR12  actor: Dan Ackroyd
movieId: IvR12  actor: Sigourney Weaver
movieId: IvR12  actor: Ernie Hudson
movieId: IvR12  actor: Harold Ramis
movieId: IvR12  actor: Peter MacNicol
movieId: IvR12  actor: Rick Moran
movieId: IvR12  actor: Janet Margolin
movieId: IvR14  actor: Arnold Schwarzenegger
movieId: IvR14  actor: Pamela Reed
movieId: IvR14  actor: Richard Tyson
movieId: IvR14  actor: Penelope Ann Miller
movieId: IvR14  actor: Linda Hunt
movieId: IvR14  actor: Carroll Baker
movieId: IvR14  actor: Cathy Moriarity
movieId: IvR14  actor: Joseph Cousins
movieId: IvR14  actor: Christopher Cousins
movieId: IvR19  actor: Kevin Kline
movieId: IvR19  actor: Kevin Kline
movieId: IvR19  actor: Frank Lagella
movieId: IvR19  actor: Sigourney Weaver
movieId: IvR19  actor: Charles Grodin
movieId: IvR19  actor: Kevin Dunn
movieId: IvR19  actor: Ving Rhames
movieId: IvR21  actor: Arnold Schwarzenegger
movieId: IvR21  actor: Danny deVito
movieId: IvR23  actor: Billy Crystal
movieId: IvR23  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: IvR23  actor: Julia Louis Dreyfus
movieId: IvR23  actor: Charlie Hofheimer
movieId: IvR23  actor: Bruce Speermans
movieId: IvR23  actor: Natassia Kinski
movieId: IvR23  actor: Jarmand Henry
movieId: IvR23  actor: s a
movieId: IvR23  actor: s a
movieId: IvR23  actor: s a
movieId: IvR23  actor: Louis Lombardy
movieId: IvR23  actor: Charles Rakesh
movieId: IvR25  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: IvR25  actor: Anne Heche
movieId: IvR25  actor: David Schwimmer
movieId: IvR25  actor: Jaqueline Obradors
movieId: IvR25  actor: Temuera Morrison
movieId: IvR25  actor: Allison Janney
movieId: IvR25  actor: Cliff Lutz
movieId: IvY10  actor: Steve McQueen
movieId: IvY10  actor: Olin Howlin
movieId: IvY10  actor: Aneta Corseaut
movieId: IvY10  actor: s a
movieId: IvY20  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: IWa1  actor: Divine
movieId: IWa2  actor: Divine
movieId: IWa2  actor: Mink Stole
movieId: IWa7  actor: Divine
movieId: IWa7  actor: David Lochery
movieId: IWa7  actor: Mink Stole
movieId: IWa7  actor: Edith Massey
movieId: IWa10  actor: Divine
movieId: IWa10  actor: Mink Stole
movieId: IWa10  actor: Edith Massey
movieId: IWa10  actor: David Lochery
movieId: IWa10  actor: Mary Vivian Pearce
movieId: IWa20  actor: Divine
movieId: IWa20  actor: Troy Donahue
movieId: IWa20  actor: Ken King
movieId: IWa20  actor: Mary Garlington
movieId: IWa30  actor: Divine
movieId: IWa30  actor: Ricki Lake
movieId: IWa30  actor: Colleen Fitzgerald
movieId: IWa30  actor: Leslie Ann Powers
movieId: IWa30  actor: Michael StGerard
movieId: IWa30  actor: Clayton Prince
movieId: IWa30  actor: Ruth Brown
movieId: IWa30  actor: Debbie Harry
movieId: IWa30  actor: Sonny Bono
movieId: IWa30  actor: Jerry Stiller
movieId: IWa30  actor: Shawn Thompson
movieId: IWa30  actor: Ric Ocasek
movieId: IWa30  actor: Pia Zadora
movieId: IWa30  actor: Jo Ann Havrilla
movieId: IWa30  actor: John Waters
movieId: IWa30  actor: s a
movieId: IWa30  actor: s a
movieId: IWa30  actor: Mink Stole
movieId: IWa30  actor: Alan Wendl
movieId: IWa35  actor: Johnny Depp
movieId: IWa35  actor: Amy Locane
movieId: IWa35  actor: Sherilynn Fenn
movieId: IWa35  actor: Winona Ryder
movieId: IWa35  actor: Polly Bergen
movieId: IWa35  actor: Traci Lords
movieId: IWa35  actor: Kim McGuire
movieId: IWa35  actor: Susan Tyrell
movieId: IWa35  actor: Iggy Popp
movieId: IWa35  actor: Troy Danahue
movieId: IWa35  actor: Joey Heatherton
movieId: IWa35  actor: Joe Dalessandro
movieId: IWa35  actor: David Nelson
movieId: IWa35  actor: Patty Hearst
movieId: IWa40  actor: Kathleen Turner
movieId: IWa40  actor: Ricky Lake
movieId: IWa40  actor: s a
movieId: IWa40  actor: Matthew Lillard
movieId: IWa40  actor: s a
movieId: IWa40  actor: s a
movieId: IWa40  actor: Sam Waterston
movieId: IWa40  actor: Traci Lords
movieId: IWa40  actor: Patty Hearst
movieId: IWa40  actor: Suzanne Somers
movieId: IWa40  actor: Mink Stole
movieId: IWa40  actor: Susan Lowe
movieId: IWa40  actor: Justin Whalin
movieId: IWa40  actor: Mink Stole
movieId: IWa40  actor: Mary Jo Catlett
movieId: IWa40  actor: Marian Vivian Pearce
movieId: IWa45  actor: Eddie Furlong
movieId: IWa45  actor: Lili Taylor
movieId: IWa45  actor: Christina Ricci
movieId: IWa45  actor: Mary Kay Place
movieId: IWk1  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: IWk1  actor: Patricia Wettig
movieId: IWk1  actor: Anette Bening
movieId: IWk1  actor: Martin Scorsese
movieId: IWk3  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: IWk3  actor: Jessica Lange
movieId: IWk3  actor: Cliff Gorman
movieId: IWk3  actor: Alan King
movieId: IWk3  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: IWk3  actor: Eli Wallach
movieId: IWk5  actor: Sandra Bullock
movieId: IWk5  actor: Jeremy Northam
movieId: IWk5  actor: Dennis Miller
movieId: IWk5  actor: s a
movieId: IWk5  actor: s a
movieId: IWk5  actor: s a
movieId: IWk5  actor: s a
movieId: IWk10  actor: Mira Sorvina
movieId: IWk10  actor: Nathan Lane
movieId: IWk10  actor: Kelly McGinnis
movieId: IWo35  actor: JeanClaude vanDamme
movieId: IWo35  actor: Yancy Butler
movieId: IWo35  actor: Lance Henriksen
movieId: IWo35  actor: Wilford Brimley
movieId: IWo38  actor: John Travolta
movieId: IWo38  actor: Christian Slater
movieId: IWo38  actor: Samantha Mathis
movieId: IWo38  actor: Howie Long
movieId: IWo38  actor: Delroy Lindo
movieId: IWo38  actor: Kurtwood Smith
movieId: IWo38  actor: Frank Whaley
movieId: IWo40  actor: John Travolta
movieId: IWo40  actor: Nicholas Cage
movieId: IWo40  actor: John Travolta
movieId: IWo40  actor: Nicholas Cage
movieId: IWo40  actor: Joan Allen
movieId: IWo40  actor: Gina Gershon
movieId: IWo40  actor: Nick Cassavetes
movieId: IWo40  actor: James Wooden
movieId: IWo40  actor: s a
movieId: IWo40  actor: Alex Minotis
movieId: J2B70  actor: Jaques Villeret
movieId: JA5  actor: Richard Carlson
movieId: JA5  actor: Barbara Rush
movieId: JA5  actor: Charles Drake
movieId: JA5  actor: Joe Sawyer
movieId: JA10  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: JA10  actor: John Forsythe
movieId: JA10  actor: Marcia Henderson
movieId: JA10  actor: Richard Denning
movieId: JA13  actor: Richard Carlson
movieId: JA13  actor: Julie Adams
movieId: JA13  actor: Richard Denning
movieId: JA13  actor: Antonio Moreno
movieId: JA13  actor: Nestor Paiva
movieId: JA13  actor: Whit Bissell
movieId: JA13  actor: Ricou Browning
movieId: JA13  actor: Bernie Gozier
movieId: JA13  actor: Henry Escalante
movieId: JA15  actor: John Agar
movieId: JA15  actor: Lori Nelson
movieId: JA15  actor: John Bromfield
movieId: JA15  actor: Nestor Paiva
movieId: JA15  actor: Ricou Browning
movieId: JA15  actor: Tom Henesy
movieId: JA15  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: JA20  actor: Grant Williams
movieId: JA20  actor: Randy Stuart
movieId: JA20  actor: April Kent
movieId: JA20  actor: William Schallert
movieId: JA20  actor: Billy Curtis
movieId: JA30  actor: Russ Tamblyn
movieId: JA30  actor: Mamie VanDoren
movieId: JA30  actor: Mel Welles
movieId: JA30  actor: Jan Sterling
movieId: JA30  actor: John Drew Barrymore~jr.
movieId: JA30  actor: Michael Landon
movieId: JA30  actor: Jackie Coogan
movieId: JA30  actor: Jerry Lee Lewis
movieId: JA30  actor: Sydney Chaplin
movieId: JA30  actor: Charles Chaplin~jr.
movieId: JA30  actor: Lyle Talbot
movieId: JA30  actor: William Wellman
movieId: JA30  actor: Diana Darrin
movieId: JA30  actor: Ray Anthony
movieId: JA35  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: JA35  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: JA35  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: JA35  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: JA35  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: JA35  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: JA35  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: JA35  actor: Jean Seberg
movieId: JA35  actor: David Kossoff
movieId: JA35  actor: Leo McKern
movieId: JA35  actor: William Hartnell
movieId: JaB2  actor: Timothy Bottoms
movieId: JaB2  actor: Lindsay Wagner
movieId: JaB2  actor: John Houseman
movieId: JaB2  actor: Graham Bickel
movieId: JaB5  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: JaB5  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: JaB5  actor: Michael Douglas
movieId: JaB5  actor: Scott Brady
movieId: JaB5  actor: Peter Donat
movieId: JaB5  actor: James Hampton
movieId: JaB6  actor: Debra Winger
movieId: JaB6  actor: John Travolta
movieId: JaB10  actor: Michael J. Fox
movieId: JaB10  actor: Phoebe Cates
movieId: JaB10  actor: John Houseman
movieId: JaB10  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: JaB10  actor: Dianne Wiest
movieId: JaB10  actor: Charlie Schlatter
movieId: JaB10  actor: Frances Sternhagen
movieId: JaB10  actor: Kiefer Sutherland
movieId: JaB10  actor: Swoosie Kurtz
movieId: JaC1  actor: James Cruze
movieId: JaF10  actor: Leon Isaac Kennedy
movieId: JaF10  actor: Tommy Pollard
movieId: JaF10  actor: Hazel Spears
movieId: JaH16  actor: John Fraser
movieId: JaH20  actor: Virginia McKenna
movieId: JaH20  actor: Bill Travers
movieId: JaH20  actor: Geoffrey Keen
movieId: JaH22  actor: Robert Ryan
movieId: JaH22  actor: Chuck Connors
movieId: JaH22  actor: Bill Fraser
movieId: JaH22  actor: Kenneth Connor
movieId: JaH22  actor: Nanette Newman
movieId: JaH22  actor: John Turner
movieId: JaH22  actor: Luciana Paluzzi
movieId: JaH22  actor: Allan Cuthbertson
movieId: JaC28  actor: Erich vonStroheim
movieId: JaC28  actor: Betty Compson
movieId: JaC28  actor: Donald Douglas
movieId: JaC28  actor:  Marjorie Kane
movieId: JaC28  actor: s.a.
movieId: JaK4  actor: Joseph Kroner
movieId: JaK4  actor: Ida Kaminska
movieId: JaK4  actor: Hana Slikova
movieId: JaK4  actor: Frantisek Zvarik
movieId: JAl20  actor: Bette Midler
movieId: JAl20  actor: Steve Martin
movieId: JAl20  actor: Quincy Jones
movieId: JAl20  actor: James Earl Jones
movieId: JAl20  actor: Angela Lansbury
movieId: JAl20  actor: Penn
movieId: JAl20  actor: Teller
movieId: JAl20  actor: Kathleen Battle
movieId: JAl20  actor: James Levine
movieId: JAl20  actor: Chicago Symphony
movieId: JaM10  actor: Davi Duchovny
movieId: JAn1  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: JAn1  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: JAn1  actor: Wendell Cory
movieId: JAn1  actor: Lloyd Bridges
movieId: JAn1  actor: Earl Holliman
movieId: JAn1  actor: Cameron Prudhomme
movieId: JAn1  actor: Wallace Ford
movieId: JAn6  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: JAn6  actor: Olga Bellin
movieId: JAn6  actor: Johnny Mask
movieId: JAn6  actor: Sudie Bond
movieId: JAn6  actor: Richard McConnell
movieId: JAn6  actor: Peter Masterson
movieId: JAn6  actor: James Franks
movieId: JaR10  actor: Florian Martens
movieId: JaR10  actor: Constanze Engelbrecht
movieId: JaR10  actor: Annett Kruschke
movieId: JaS10  actor: Anne Francis
movieId: JaS10  actor: Gene Lyons
movieId: JaS10  actor: Ruth Roman
movieId: JaS10  actor: s a
movieId: JaS11  actor: Joan Fontaine
movieId: JaS11  actor: Gary Merrill
movieId: JaS12  actor: Gena Rowlands
movieId: JaS12  actor: Nancy Kelly
movieId: JaS13  actor: Lois Nettleton
movieId: JaS13  actor: Madlyn Rgue
movieId: Jas13  actor: Anthony George
movieId: JaS20  actor: Maurice Chevalier
movieId: JaS20  actor: Sandra Dee
movieId: JaS20  actor: Robert Goulet
movieId: JaS20  actor: Andy Williams
movieId: JaS20  actor: Gene Raymond
movieId: JaS20  actor: Hermione Gingold
movieId: JaS20  actor: Charles Ruggles
movieId: JaS33  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: JaS33  actor: Lauren Bacall
movieId: JaS33  actor: Julie Harris
movieId: JaS33  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: JaS33  actor: Arthur Hill
movieId: JaS33  actor: Janet Leigh
movieId: JaS33  actor: Pamela Tiffin
movieId: JaS33  actor: Robert Wagner
movieId: JaS33  actor: Robert Webber
movieId: JaS33  actor: Strother Martin
movieId: JaS33  actor: s a
movieId: JaS33  actor: Roy Jesse
movieId: JaS40  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: JaS40  actor: Sylva Koscina
movieId: JaS40  actor: Andrew Duggan
movieId: JaS40  actor: Tom Bosley
movieId: JaS42  actor: Stacy Keach
movieId: JaS42  actor: Mariana Hill
movieId: JaS42  actor: Bud Cort
movieId: Jas44  actor: Samantha Eggar
movieId: JaS46  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: JaS46  actor: Karen Black
movieId: JaS46  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: JaS46  actor: Efrem Zimbalist~Jr.
movieId: JaS46  actor: Susan Clark
movieId: JaS46  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: JaS46  actor: Gloria Swanson
movieId: JaS46  actor: Linda Blair
movieId: JaS46  actor: Helen Reddy
movieId: JaS46  actor: Dana Andrews
movieId: JaS46  actor: Sid Caesar
movieId: JaS48  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: JaS48  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: JaS48  actor: James Coburn
movieId: JaS48  actor: Glenn Ford
movieId: JaS48  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: JaS48  actor: Edward Albert
movieId: JaS48  actor: Hal Holbrook
movieId: JaS48  actor: Toshiro Mifune
movieId: JaS48  actor: Robert Wagner
movieId: JaS48  actor: Robert Webber
movieId: JaS48  actor: Ed Nelson
movieId: JaS48  actor: James Shigeta
movieId: JaS48  actor: Monte Markham
movieId: JaS48  actor: Chris George
movieId: JaS48  actor: Glenn Corbett
movieId: JaS56  actor: Gabe Kaplan
movieId: JaS56  actor: Harold Sylvester
movieId: JaS56  actor: Randee Heller
movieId: JaS56  actor: Michael Warren
movieId: JaS56  actor: Mavis Washington
movieId: JaS56  actor: Bernard King
movieId: JaS56  actor: Bert Remsen
movieId: JaS65  actor: Shirley MacLaine
movieId: JaS65  actor: James Coburn
movieId: JaS65  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: JaS65  actor: Stephen Collins
movieId: JaS65  actor: Sally Kellerman
movieId: JaS38  actor: Rod Steiger
movieId: JaS38  actor: George Segal
movieId: JaS38  actor: Lee Remick
movieId: JaS38  actor: Eileen Heckart
movieId: JaS38  actor: Murray Hamilton
movieId: JaS38  actor: Michael Dunn
movieId: JAu8  actor: Brigitte Bardot
movieId: JAu8  actor: Maurice Ronet
movieId: JAu10  actor: Jean Yanne
movieId: JAu10  actor: Nicole Calfan
movieId: JAv10  actor: Kathy Bates
movieId: JAv10  actor: Jessica Tandy
movieId: JAv10  actor: Mary Stuart Masterson
movieId: JAv10  actor: MarieLouise Parker
movieId: JAv10  actor: Stan Shaw
movieId: JAv10  actor: Cicely Tyson
movieId: JAv10  actor: Fannie Flagg
movieId: JAv15  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: JAv15  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: JAv15  actor: Joe Mantegna
movieId: JAv15  actor: Kate Nelligan
movieId: JAv15  actor: Stockard Channing
movieId: JAv15  actor: Glenn Plummer
movieId: JAv15  actor: James Rebhorn
movieId: JAv15  actor: Scott Pryce
movieId: JAv15  actor: Deedee Pfeiffer
movieId: JAv15  actor: Raymond Cruz
movieId: JAv15  actor: Miguel Sandoval
movieId: JAv15  actor: John Hobbs~jr
movieId: JAv16  actor: Richard Gere
movieId: JAv18  actor: Glenn Close
movieId: JAv18  actor: Kathy Bates
movieId: JAv18  actor: Calista Flockhart
movieId: JAx10  actor: Mimi Miyaki
movieId: JAx10  actor: Paula Price
movieId: JAx10  actor: Stacey Nichols
movieId: JAx10  actor: Sharise
movieId: JAx10  actor: Bianca Trump
movieId: JAx10  actor: Eric Price
movieId: JAx10  actor: Jake Steed
movieId: JAx10  actor: Nick E.
movieId: JAx10  actor: T.T. Boy
movieId: JAx10  actor: Sean Michaels
movieId: JAx10  actor: Cal Jammer
movieId: JBa10  actor: Josiana Balasko
movieId: JBa10  actor: Alain Chabat
movieId: JBa10  actor: Victoria Abril
movieId: JBa10  actor: sa
movieId: JBa10  actor: TickyHolgaldo
movieId: JBC14  actor: Esther Williams
movieId: JBC14  actor: Cliff Roberson
movieId: JBC14  actor: Nehemiah Persoff
movieId: JBC14  actor: Robert Vaughn
movieId: JBC14  actor: Carol Christensen
movieId: JBC14  actor: Margia Dean
movieId: JBC14  actor: David Nelson
movieId: JBC27  actor: Bambi Wood
movieId: JBC27  actor: Rick Ballas
movieId: JBC27  actor: Robyn Lake
movieId: JBC27  actor: Jenny Cole
movieId: JBC27  actor: Georgette Sanders
movieId: JBC27  actor: Arcadia T.
movieId: JBC27  actor: Mehra Townsend
movieId: JBC27  actor: Mysty Winkler
movieId: JBC55  actor: Elijah Wood
movieId: JBC55  actor: Paul Hogan
movieId: JBC55  actor: s a
movieId: JBd10  actor: Maurice Hines
movieId: JBd10  actor: Gregory Hines
movieId: JBd10  actor: Terri Burrell
movieId: JBH10  actor: Richard Widmark
movieId: JBH10  actor: Sidney Poitier
movieId: JBH10  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: JBH10  actor: Wally Cox
movieId: JBH10  actor: James MacArthur
movieId: JBH10  actor: Eric Portman
movieId: JBH10  actor: Phil Browne
movieId: JBH10  actor: Michael Kane
movieId: JBH10  actor: Gary Cockrell
movieId: JBH10  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: JBH20  actor: Zalman King
movieId: JBH20  actor: Carol White
movieId: JBH20  actor: Tisa Farrow
movieId: JBH20  actor: Richard Pryor
movieId: JBH30  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: JBH30  actor: Wesley Snipes
movieId: JBH30  actor: Lolita Davidovich
movieId: JBH30  actor: Seymour Cassel
movieId: JBH30  actor: Valerie Perrine
movieId: JBH30  actor: Jonathan Banks
movieId: JBH30  actor: Tony LoBianco
movieId: JBH30  actor: Viggo Mortensen
movieId: JBH30  actor: Dan Hedaya
movieId: JBH30  actor: s a
movieId: JBH30  actor: s a
movieId: JBi10  actor: Charles Ludlam
movieId: JBk10  actor: Jared Leto
movieId: JBk10  actor: Alicia Witt
movieId: JBk10  actor: Rebecca Gayhart
movieId: JBk10  actor: Joshua Jackson
movieId: JBk10  actor: Lorretta Devine
movieId: JBk10  actor: Tara Reid
movieId: JBk10  actor: Michael Rosenbaum
movieId: JBk10  actor: Robert Englund
movieId: JBr10  actor: Didi Conn
movieId: JBr10  actor: Joe Silver
movieId: JBr10  actor: Michael Zaslow
movieId: JBr10  actor: Stephen Nathan
movieId: JBr10  actor: Melanie Mayron
movieId: JBs10  actor: Mark Blankfield
movieId: JBs10  actor: Bess Armstrong
movieId: JBs10  actor: Tim Thomerson
movieId: JBt20  actor: Ian Carmichael
movieId: JBt20  actor: Janette Scott
movieId: JBt20  actor: Cecil Parker
movieId: JBt20  actor: Joyce Grenfell
movieId: JBt20  actor: Terry Thomas
movieId: JBt20  actor: John LeMesurier
movieId: JBt24  actor: Ian Carmichael
movieId: JBt24  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: JBt24  actor: Irene Handl
movieId: JBt24  actor: Richard Attenborough
movieId: JBt24  actor: TerryThomas
movieId: JBt24  actor: Dennis Price
movieId: JBt24  actor: Margaret Rutherford
movieId: JBt24  actor: Liz Fraser
movieId: JBt24  actor: John LeMesurier
movieId: JBt24  actor: Sam Kydd
movieId: JBt38  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: JBt38  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: JBt38  actor: Lila Kedrova
movieId: JBt38  actor: Curt Jurgens
movieId: JBt38  actor: Gabriella Licudi
movieId: JBt38  actor: Jenny Handley
movieId: JBw10  actor: Larry Blyden
movieId: JBw10  actor: Kathie Browne
movieId: JBw10  actor: Berkley Harris
movieId: JbB10  actor: Jan Decleir
movieId: JbB10  actor: Els Dottermans
movieId: JbB10  actor: Warre Borgmans
movieId: JbB10  actor: Jacob Beks
movieId: JbB10  actor: Julia Mennes
movieId: JC1  actor: s a
movieId: JC1  actor: s a
movieId: JC6  actor: Jean Marais
movieId: JC6  actor: Jean Marais
movieId: JC6  actor: Josette Day
movieId: JC6  actor: Marcel Andr\'e
movieId: JC6  actor: Michel Auclair
movieId: JC6  actor: Mila Par\'ely
movieId: JC9  actor: Jean Marais
movieId: JC9  actor: Yvonne deBray
movieId: JC9  actor: Gabrielle Dorziat
movieId: JC9  actor: Marcel Andr\'e
movieId: JC9  actor: Josette Day
movieId: JC10  actor: Jean Marais
movieId: JC10  actor: Maria Casares
movieId: JC10  actor: Maria Dea
movieId: JC10  actor: Francois Perier
movieId: JC10  actor: Edouard Dermithe
movieId: JC10  actor: Juliette Greco
movieId: JC11  actor: Jean Cocteau
movieId: JC11  actor: Edouard Dermithe
movieId: JC11  actor: Maria Casares
movieId: JC11  actor: Francois Perier
movieId: JC11  actor: Henri Cremieux
movieId: JC11  actor: Yul Brynner
movieId: JC11  actor: JeanPierre Leaud
movieId: JC11  actor: Daniel Gelin
movieId: JC11  actor: Jean Marais
movieId: JC11  actor: Pablo Picasso
movieId: JC11  actor: Charles Aznavour
movieId: JCa4  actor: Dean Stockwell
movieId: JCa4  actor: Wendy Hiller
movieId: JCa4  actor: Trevor Howard
movieId: JCa4  actor: Mary Ure
movieId: JCa4  actor: Heather Sears
movieId: JCa4  actor: Rosalie Crutchley
movieId: JCa4  actor: Ernest Thesiger
movieId: JCa4  actor: Donald Pleasence
movieId: JCa4  actor: William lucas
movieId: JCa7  actor: Shirley Maclaine
movieId: JCa7  actor: Yves Montand
movieId: JCa7  actor: Bob Cummings
movieId: JCa7  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: JCa7  actor: Yoko Tani
movieId: JCa7  actor: s a
movieId: JCa9  actor: Rod Taylor
movieId: JCa9  actor: Trevor Howard
movieId: JCa9  actor: David Tomlinson
movieId: JCa9  actor: Jill StJohn
movieId: JCa9  actor: Wilfrid Hyde White
movieId: JCa9  actor: Derek Himmo
movieId: JCa9  actor: Eric Sykes
movieId: JCa9  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: JcC10  actor: Brittney Powell
movieId: JcC10  actor: Curtis Armstrong
movieId: JcC10  actor: Devorah Harry
movieId: JcC10  actor: Thomas Calabro
movieId: JcC10  actor: Thomas Calabro
movieId: JcC10  actor: Doug Davidson
movieId: JcC10  actor: sa
movieId: JcC10  actor: Brian vanHolt
movieId: JCe10  actor: Phillip VanLear
movieId: JCe10  actor: Michele Cole
movieId: JCe10  actor: James Eichling
movieId: JCe10  actor: Joe Guasraferro
movieId: JCh10  actor: Jackie Chan
movieId: JCh20  actor: Jackie Chan
movieId: JCi3  actor: Gabrielle Shornegg
movieId: JCi3  actor: Marina Knight
movieId: JCi5  actor: Chris Bedenko
movieId: JCi5  actor: Emma Coles
movieId: JCi10  actor: Genevieve Lemon
movieId: JCi10  actor: Karen Colston
movieId: JCi10  actor: Tom Lycos
movieId: JCi10  actor: Jon Darling
movieId: JCi12  actor: Alexia Keogh
movieId: JCi12  actor: Karen Fergusson
movieId: JCi12  actor: Kerry Fox
movieId: JCi14  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: JCi14  actor: Holly Hunter
movieId: JCi14  actor: Sam Neill
movieId: JCi14  actor: Anna Pacquin
movieId: JCi14  actor: Kenny Walker
movieId: JCi14  actor: Genevianne Lemon
movieId: JCi17  actor: Nicole Kidman
movieId: JCi17  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: JCi17  actor: John Malkovich
movieId: JCi17  actor: Barbara Hershey
movieId: JCi17  actor: Martin Donovan
movieId: JCi17  actor: Richard E. Grant
movieId: JCi17  actor: Voggo Mortensen
movieId: JCi20  actor: Kate Winslet
movieId: JCJ10  actor: Peter Finch
movieId: JCJ10  actor: Glenda Jackson
movieId: JCJ10  actor: Michael Jayston
movieId: JCJ10  actor: Anthony Quayle
movieId: JCJ10  actor: Margaret Leighton
movieId: JCJ10  actor: Dominic Guard
movieId: JCJ10  actor: Nigel Stock
movieId: JCJ10  actor: Roland Culver
movieId: JCL10  actor: William Shatner
movieId: JCL10  actor: Lee Grant
movieId: JCL10  actor: Michael Ironside
movieId: JCL10  actor: Linda Purl
movieId: JCm1  actor: Arnold Schwarzenegger
movieId: JCm1  actor: Linda Hamilton
movieId: JCm1  actor: Michael Biehn
movieId: JCm10  actor: Sigourney Weaver
movieId: JCm10  actor: Carrie Hein
movieId: JCm10  actor: Michael Bien
movieId: JCm10  actor: Paul Reisner
movieId: JCm10  actor: Lance Henriks
movieId: JCm10  actor: Bill Paxton
movieId: JCm10  actor: William Hope
movieId: JCm10  actor: Jenette Goldstein
movieId: JCm10  actor: Al Mathews
movieId: JCm10  actor: Mark Rolstom
movieId: JCm10  actor: Colette Hiller
movieId: JCm20  actor: Arnold Schwarzenegger
movieId: JCm20  actor: Linda Hamilton
movieId: JCm20  actor: Eddie Furlong
movieId: JCm20  actor: Sharon Stone
movieId: JCm20  actor: Robert Patrick
movieId: JCm20  actor: Joe Morton
movieId: JCm25  actor: Arnold Schwarzenegger
movieId: JCm25  actor: Jamie Lee Curtis
movieId: JCm25  actor: Bill Paxton
movieId: JCm25  actor: Tom Arnold
movieId: JCm25  actor: Art Malik
movieId: JCm25  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: JCm28  actor: Kate Winslet
movieId: JCm28  actor: Billy Zane
movieId: JCm28  actor: Leonard diCaprio
movieId: JCm28  actor: Kathy Bates
movieId: JCm28  actor: Frances Fisher
movieId: JCm28  actor: Bernard Hill
movieId: JCm28  actor: Jonathan Hyde
movieId: JCm28  actor: Danny Nuccia
movieId: JCm28  actor: David Warner
movieId: JCm28  actor: Gloria Stuart
movieId: JCm28  actor: Bill Paxton
movieId: JCn1  actor: Alfie Bass
movieId: JCn1  actor: David Kosoff
movieId: JCn3  actor: Deborah Kerr
movieId: JCn3  actor: Pamela Franklin
movieId: JCn3  actor: Martin Stephens
movieId: JCn3  actor: Michael Redgrave
movieId: JCn3  actor: Megs Jenkins
movieId: JCn3  actor: Peter Wyngarde
movieId: JCn3  actor: Claytie Jessop
movieId: JCn3  actor: Isla Cameron
movieId: JCn6  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: JCn6  actor: Mia Farrow
movieId: JCn6  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: JCn6  actor: Karen Black
movieId: JCn20  actor: Jason Robards~jr.
movieId: JCn20  actor: Jonathan Pryce
movieId: JCn20  actor: Diane Ladd
movieId: JCn20  actor: Pam Grier
movieId: JCn20  actor: Vidal Peterson
movieId: JCn20  actor: Shawn Carson
movieId: JCn20  actor: Ellen Geer
movieId: JCn20  actor: Angelo Rossitto
movieId: JCn20  actor: Peter D. Risch
movieId: JCn20  actor: Bruce M. Fischer
movieId: JCn20  actor: James Stacy
movieId: JCn20  actor: Royal Dano
movieId: JCn20  actor: Mary Grace Canfield
movieId: JCn20  actor: Jack Dodson
movieId: JCp10  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: JCp10  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: JCp10  actor: Elke Sommer
movieId: JCp10  actor: Rod Browning
movieId: JCp15  actor: James Hampton
movieId: JCp15  actor: Chris Connelly
movieId: JCp15  actor: Slim Pickens
movieId: JCr10  actor: Rip Torn
movieId: JCr10  actor: Tantoo Cardinal
movieId: JCr10  actor: Michael J. Fox
movieId: JCr10  actor: Treat Williams
movieId: JCT1  actor: MarieFrance Pisier
movieId: JCT1  actor: MarieChristine Barrault
movieId: JCT1  actor: Victor Lanoux
movieId: JCT1  actor: Guy Marchand
movieId: JCT1  actor: Ginette Garcin
movieId: JCu10  actor: Fernando Fernan Gomez
movieId: JCu10  actor: Manuel Lozano
movieId: JCu10  actor: s a
movieId: JCv10  actor: Sidney Poitier
movieId: JCv10  actor: Christian Roberts
movieId: JCv10  actor: Judy Geeson
movieId: JCv10  actor: Suzy Kendall
movieId: JCv10  actor: Lulu
movieId: JCv10  actor: Patricia Routledge
movieId: JCv10  actor: Larry Hagman
movieId: JCv16  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: JCv16  actor: Omar Sharif
movieId: JCv16  actor: Florinda Bolkan
movieId: JCv16  actor: Nigel Davenport
movieId: JCw44  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: JCw44  actor: Douglas Fairbanks~jr.
movieId: JCw44  actor: Rod LaRoque
movieId: JCw44  actor: Anita Page
movieId: JCw50  actor: William Haines
movieId: JCw50  actor: Irene Purcell
movieId: JCw50  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: JCw50  actor: Lillian Bond
movieId: JCw53  actor: Jean Harlow
movieId: JCw53  actor: Chester Morris
movieId: JCw53  actor: Leila Hyams
movieId: JCw53  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: JCw53  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: JCw53  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: JCw53  actor: May Robson
movieId: JCw53  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: JCw57  actor: Wallace Beery
movieId: JCw57  actor: Fay Wray
movieId: JCw57  actor: Leo Carillo
movieId: JCw61  actor: Romald Coleman
movieId: JCw61  actor: Elizabeth Allan
movieId: JCw61  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: JCw61  actor: Edna May Oliver
movieId: JCw61  actor: Blanke Yorks
movieId: JCw61  actor: Reginald Owen
movieId: JCw61  actor: Donald Woods
movieId: JCw61  actor: Henry B. Walthall
movieId: JCw61  actor: Walter Catlett
movieId: JCw61  actor: H.B. Warner
movieId: JCw61  actor: Claude Gillingwater
movieId: JCw61  actor: Fritz Leiber
movieId: JCw62  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: JCw62  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: JCw62  actor: Jean Harlow
movieId: JCw62  actor: William Powell
movieId: JCw62  actor: Walter Connolly
movieId: JCw62  actor: Charley Grapewin
movieId: JCw62  actor: Cora Witherspoon
movieId: JCw62  actor: E.E. Clive
movieId: JCw62  actor: Charles Trowbridge
movieId: JCw69  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: JCw69  actor: William powell
movieId: JD7  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: JD7  actor: Charles Bickford
movieId: JD7  actor: Hume Cronyn
movieId: JD7  actor: Ella Raines
movieId: JD7  actor: Yvonne deCarlo
movieId: JD8  actor: Barry Fitzgerald
movieId: JD8  actor: Don Taylor
movieId: JD8  actor: Howard Duff
movieId: JD8  actor: Dorothy Hart
movieId: JD10  actor: Richard Widmark
movieId: JD10  actor: Gene Tierney
movieId: JD10  actor: Francis L. Sullivan
movieId: JD10  actor: Mike Mazurki
movieId: JD10  actor: Stanislaus Zbyszko
movieId: JD10  actor: Googie Withers
movieId: JD10  actor: Francis L. Sullivan
movieId: JD10  actor: Googie Withers
movieId: JD10  actor: Hugh Marlowe
movieId: JD10  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: JD12  actor: Jean Servais
movieId: JD12  actor: Carl Mohner
movieId: JD12  actor: Robert Manuel
movieId: JD12  actor: Jules Dassin
movieId: JD12  actor: Marie Sabouret
movieId: JD12  actor: Janine Darcy
movieId: JD12  actor: Claude Silvain
movieId: JD12  actor: Marcel Lupovici
movieId: JD12  actor: Robert Hossein
movieId: JD12  actor: Pierre Grasset
movieId: JD12  actor: Magali Noel
movieId: JD12  actor: Dominique Maurin
movieId: JD14  actor: Gregoire Aslan
movieId: JD14  actor: Pierre Vaneck
movieId: JD14  actor: Melina Mercouri
movieId: JD14  actor: Jean Servais
movieId: JD14  actor: Roger Hanin
movieId: JD15  actor: Melina Mercouri
movieId: JD15  actor: Jules Dassin
movieId: JD15  actor: Giorgos Foundas
movieId: JD15  actor: Despo Diamantidou
movieId: JD15  actor: Tito Vadis
movieId: JD15  actor: Dimitris Papamichael
movieId: JD15  actor: Alexis
movieId: JD16  actor: Melina Mercouri
movieId: JD16  actor: Anthony Perkins
movieId: JD16  actor: Raf Vallone
movieId: JD16  actor: Elizabeth Ercy
movieId: JD16  actor: Olympia Papadouka
movieId: JD17  actor: Melina Mercouri
movieId: JD17  actor: Peter Ustinov
movieId: JD17  actor: Maximilian Schell
movieId: JD17  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: JD17  actor: Robert Morley
movieId: JD25  actor: Melina Mercouri
movieId: JD25  actor: Ellen Bursteyn
movieId: JD25  actor: Andreas Voutsinas
movieId: JD25  actor: Despos Diamantidou
movieId: JD30  actor: Richard Burton
movieId: JD30  actor: Tatum ONeal
movieId: JdA10  actor: June Tamburo
movieId: JdA10  actor: Tomaso Miura
movieId: JdA10  actor: Laura Gemser
movieId: JDB10  actor: Sandra Bullock
movieId: JDB10  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: JDB10  actor: Keanu Reeves
movieId: JDB10  actor: Jeff Daniels
movieId: JDB10  actor: Joe Morton
movieId: JDB10  actor: Alan Ruck
movieId: JDB10  actor: CeCe Tsou
movieId: JDB10  actor: Richard Linebak
movieId: JDB10  actor: De Laete
movieId: JDB10  actor: Glenn Plummer
movieId: JDB10  actor: Hawthorne James
movieId: JDB10  actor: sa
movieId: JDB10  actor: Beth Grant
movieId: JDB10  actor: Carlos Carrasco
movieId: JDB10  actor: David Kriegel
movieId: JDB10  actor: Natsuko Ohama
movieId: JDB10  actor: John Kennedy
movieId: JDB10  actor: Lyndon Johnson
movieId: JDB11  actor: Helen Hunt
movieId: JDB11  actor: Bill Paxton
movieId: JDB11  actor: Cary Elwes
movieId: JDB11  actor: Jamie Getz
movieId: JDB11  actor: Lois Smith
movieId: JDB11  actor: Alan Ruck
movieId: JDB11  actor: Philip Seymor Hoffman
movieId: JDB11  actor: Jeremy Davies
movieId: JDB11  actor: Todd Field
movieId: JDB11  actor: Zach Grenier
movieId: JDB11  actor: Nicholas Sadler
movieId: JDB11  actor: Abraham BenRub
movieId: JDB11  actor: Scott Thomson
movieId: JDB11  actor: Jake Busey
movieId: JDB11  actor: Sean Whalen
movieId: JDB11  actor: Joey Slotnick
movieId: JDB11  actor: Anneke deBont
movieId: JDB12  actor: Jason Patric
movieId: JDB12  actor: Sandra Bullock
movieId: JDB12  actor: Glenn Plummer
movieId: JDB12  actor: Willem Dafoe
movieId: JDB12  actor: s a
movieId: JDB12  actor: s a
movieId: JDB12  actor: s a
movieId: JDB15  actor: Liam Neeson
movieId: JDB15  actor: Catherine ZetaJones
movieId: JDB15  actor: Lili Taylor
movieId: JDB15  actor: Owen Wilson
movieId: JDe1  actor: Erica Gavin
movieId: JDe1  actor: Barbara Steele
movieId: JDe1  actor: Foxy Brown
movieId: JDe1  actor: Roberta Collins
movieId: JDe1  actor: Rainbeaux Smith
movieId: JDe1  actor: Ella Reid
movieId: JDe1  actor: Desiree Costeau
movieId: JDe3  actor: Cloris Leachman
movieId: JDe3  actor: Stuart Whitman
movieId: JDe3  actor: Ann Sothern
movieId: JDe3  actor: Linda Purl
movieId: JDe3  actor: Donny Most
movieId: JDe3  actor: Jim Backus
movieId: JDe3  actor: Dick Miller
movieId: JDe3  actor: Beach Dickerson
movieId: JDe3  actor: John Milius
movieId: JDe8  actor: Roy Scheider
movieId: JDe8  actor: Janet Margolin
movieId: JDe8  actor: Sam Levine
movieId: JDe8  actor: John Glover
movieId: JDe8  actor: Charles Napier
movieId: JDe8  actor: Christopher Walken
movieId: JDe8  actor: Jacqueline Brookes
movieId: JDe10  actor: Paul LeMat
movieId: JDe10  actor: Jason Robards~jr.
movieId: JDe10  actor: Mary Steenburgen
movieId: JDe10  actor: Michael J. Pollard
movieId: JDe12  actor: Melanie Griffith
movieId: JDe12  actor: Jeff Daniels
movieId: JDe12  actor: Ray Liotta
movieId: JDe15  actor: Goldie Hawn
movieId: JDe15  actor: Kurt Russell
movieId: JDe15  actor: Christine Lahti
movieId: JDe15  actor: Fred Ward
movieId: JDe15  actor: Ed Harris
movieId: JDe19  actor: Spalding Gray
movieId: JDe20  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: JDe20  actor: Alec Baldwin
movieId: JDe20  actor: Dean Stockwell
movieId: JDe20  actor: Matthew Modine
movieId: JDe20  actor: Mercedes Ruehl
movieId: JDe20  actor: David Johansen
movieId: JDe23  actor: Jodie Foster
movieId: JDe23  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: JDe23  actor: Ted Levine
movieId: JDe23  actor: Scott Glenn
movieId: JDe23  actor: Anthony Heald
movieId: JDe23  actor: Clarice Starling
movieId: JDe25  actor: Robert Castle
movieId: JDe25  actor: Jonathan Demme
movieId: JDe27  actor: Doctor Dre
movieId: JDe27  actor: Ed Lover
movieId: JDe28  actor: Tom Hanks
movieId: JDe28  actor: Denzel Washington
movieId: JDe28  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: JDe28  actor: Mary Steenburgen
movieId: JDe28  actor: Antonio Banderas
movieId: JDe28  actor: Ron Vawter
movieId: JDe28  actor: ana Leza
movieId: JDe32  actor: Tom Hanks
movieId: JDe32  actor: s a
movieId: JDe32  actor: s a
movieId: JDe32  actor: s a
movieId: JDe32  actor: s a
movieId: JDe32  actor: s a
movieId: JDe32  actor: s a
movieId: JDe32  actor: s a
movieId: JDe32  actor: s a
movieId: JDe35  actor: Oprah Winfrey
movieId: JDe35  actor: Danny Glover
movieId: JDe35  actor: Kimberly Elise
movieId: JDe35  actor: Thandie Newton
movieId: JDe35  actor: Beah Richards
movieId: JDe35  actor: Lisa Gay Hamilton
movieId: JDe35  actor: Kessia Kordelle
movieId: JDe36  actor: Robyn Hitchcock
movieId: JDe40  actor: Liv Schreiber
movieId: JDe40  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: JDe40  actor: Jeffrey Wright
movieId: JDe40  actor: Kimberly Elise
movieId: JDe40  actor: Bruno Ganz
movieId: JDe40  actor: Jon Voight
movieId: JDh5  actor: Annette Funicello
movieId: JDh5  actor: Ray Bolger
movieId: JDh5  actor: Ed Wynn
movieId: JDh5  actor: Tommy Sands
movieId: JDh5  actor: Gene Sheldon
movieId: JDh5  actor: Henry Calvin
movieId: JdL10  actor: Jeanne Eagles
movieId: JdL10  actor: Fredric March
movieId: JdL10  actor: Halliwell Hobbes
movieId: JdL10  actor: Henry Daniell
movieId: JdL12  actor: Jeanne Eagels
movieId: JdL12  actor: O.P. Heggie
movieId: JdL12  actor: Reginald Owen
movieId: JdL12  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: JdL12  actor: Irene Browne
movieId: JDm10  actor: Irving Howe
movieId: JDm10  actor: Daniel Bell
movieId: JDm10  actor: Nathan Glazer
movieId: JDm10  actor: Irving Kristol
movieId: JDo10  actor: Victoire Thivisol
movieId: JDr10  actor: Matt Dillon
movieId: JDr10  actor: Sean Young
movieId: JDr10  actor: Sean Young
movieId: JDr10  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: JDr10  actor: Joy Lee
movieId: JDy10  actor: Jessica Lange
movieId: JDy10  actor: Gwyneth Palthrow
movieId: JDy10  actor: Nina Foch
movieId: JDy10  actor: Johnathon Schaech
movieId: JeA10  actor: Buck Henry
movieId: JeA10  actor: Jim Moran
movieId: JeA10  actor: Marshall Efron
movieId: JeB10  actor: John Saxon
movieId: JeB10  actor: Burt Young
movieId: JeB10  actor: David Huffman
movieId: JeB10  actor: Mariana Hill
movieId: JeC10  actor: Johnny Depp
movieId: JeC10  actor: Aidan Quinn
movieId: JeC10  actor: Mary Stuart Masterson
movieId: JeC10  actor: Julianne Moore
movieId: JeC10  actor: s a
movieId: JeC10  actor: Oliver Platt
movieId: JeC10  actor: C.C.H. Pounder
movieId: JeC10  actor: Dan Hedaya
movieId: JeC10  actor: Joe Grifasi
movieId: JeC14  actor: Chazz Palmentieri
movieId: JeC14  actor: Sharon Stone
movieId: JeC14  actor: Isabelle Adjani
movieId: JeC14  actor: Kathy Bates
movieId: JeD10  actor: Richard Greene
movieId: JeD10  actor: Edward Rigby
movieId: JeD10  actor: Patricia Medina
movieId: JeD10  actor: Alfred Drayton
movieId: JeD10  actor: Richard Bird
movieId: JeD10  actor: Wylie Watson
movieId: JeD10  actor: Moore Marriott
movieId: JeD10  actor: Brefni ORourke
movieId: JeD10  actor: Amy Veness
movieId: JeD10  actor: Claude Dampier
movieId: JEG10  actor: John Wayne
movieId: JEG10  actor: Gail Russell
movieId: JEG10  actor: Harry Carey
movieId: JEG10  actor: Irene Rich
movieId: JeH10  actor: Warren Oates
movieId: JeH10  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: JeH10  actor: Will Hutchins
movieId: JeH10  actor: Millie Perkins
movieId: JeH30  actor: Marsha Mason
movieId: JeH30  actor: Ned Beatty
movieId: JeH30  actor: Susan Clark
movieId: JeJ10  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: JeJ10  actor: James Stewart
movieId: JeJ10  actor: Brenda Vaccaro
movieId: JeJ10  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: JeJ10  actor: Olivia deHavilland
movieId: JeJ10  actor: Lee Grant
movieId: JeJ15  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: JeJ15  actor: Richard Jordan
movieId: JeJ15  actor: Anne Archer
movieId: JeJ15  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: JeJ15  actor: David Selby
movieId: JeJ15  actor: J.D. Cannon
movieId: JeL10  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: JeL10  actor: Liza Minelli
movieId: JeL10  actor: John Rumar
movieId: JeL10  actor: Diane Warwick
movieId: JeL10  actor: s a
movieId: JeL10  actor: John Staunton
movieId: JeN10  actor: Sean Penn
movieId: JeN10  actor: Dakota Fanning
movieId: JeN10  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: JEp15  actor: Marguerite Gance
movieId: JEp15  actor: Jean Debucourt
movieId: JEp15  actor: Charles Lamy
movieId: JeR10  actor: Kim Basinger
movieId: JeR10  actor: Alec Baldwin
movieId: JeR10  actor: Elizabeth Shue
movieId: JeR10  actor: Robert Loggia
movieId: JeR10  actor: Paul Reiser
movieId: JeR10  actor: Fisher Stevens
movieId: JeR10  actor: Peter Dobson
movieId: JeR10  actor: Steve Hintner
movieId: JeS10  actor: Dennis Quaid
movieId: JeS10  actor: R.Lee Ermey
movieId: JeS10  actor: Danny Glover
movieId: JeS10  actor: Jared Leto
movieId: JeS10  actor: Ted Levine
movieId: JEu15  actor: JeanPierre Leaud
movieId: JEu20  actor: JeanPierre Leaud
movieId: JEu20  actor: Bernadette Lafont
movieId: JEu20  actor: Francois Lebrun
movieId: JEu20  actor: Isabelle Weingarten
movieId: JEu20  actor: Jaques Renard
movieId: JeY5  actor: Bela Lugosi
movieId: JeY5  actor: Dave OBrian
movieId: JeY5  actor: Suzanne Kaaren
movieId: JeY10  actor: Bud Abbott
movieId: JeY10  actor: Lou Costello
movieId: JeY10  actor: Henry Travers
movieId: JeY10  actor: Alan Curtis
movieId: JeY10  actor: Rita Johnson
movieId: JeY10  actor: Joe Sawyer
movieId: JeY30  actor: Bud Abbott
movieId: JeY30  actor: Lou Costello
movieId: JeY30  actor: Tom Ewell
movieId: JeY30  actor: Mitzi Green
movieId: JeY30  actor: Bruce Cabot
movieId: JeY30  actor: Iron Eyes Cody
movieId: JeY30  actor: Emory Parnell
movieId: JeY30  actor: Joseph Kirk
movieId: JeY30  actor: Minerva Urecal
movieId: JeY35  actor: Tony Randall
movieId: JeY35  actor: Tony Randall
movieId: JeY35  actor: Tony Randall
movieId: JeY35  actor: Tony Randall
movieId: JeY35  actor: Tony Randall
movieId: JeY35  actor: Tony Randall
movieId: JeY35  actor: Tony Randall
movieId: JeY35  actor: Noah Berry~jr
movieId: JeY35  actor: Frank Cady
movieId: JeY35  actor: Randy Quaid
movieId: JeY35  actor: Minerva Urecal
movieId: JfB10  actor: Christopher Reeve
movieId: JfB10  actor: Daryl Hannah
movieId: JfB10  actor: s a
movieId: JfB10  actor: s a
movieId: JfB10  actor: Richie Coster
movieId: JfB10  actor: s a
movieId: JfB10  actor: s a
movieId: JfB10  actor: Robert Forster
movieId: JfB10  actor: s a
movieId: JFC10  actor: Julia NicksonSoul
movieId: JFC10  actor: Russel Wong
movieId: JFC10  actor: James Shigeta
movieId: JFC10  actor: France Nuyen
movieId: JFD10  actor: Bernard Menez
movieId: JFD10  actor: Daniel Ceccaldi
movieId: JFe10  actor: Jose Ferrer
movieId: JFe10  actor: Anton Walbrook
movieId: JFe10  actor: Emlyn Williams
movieId: JFe10  actor: Viveca Lindfors
movieId: JFe10  actor: David Farrar
movieId: JFe10  actor: Leo Genn
movieId: JFe10  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: JFe10  actor: Harry Andrews
movieId: JFe10  actor: Felix Aylmer
movieId: JFe10  actor: George Couloris
movieId: JFe10  actor: Donald Wolfit
movieId: JFe20  actor: Pat Boone
movieId: JFe20  actor: Alice Faye
movieId: JFe20  actor: Tom Ewell
movieId: JFe20  actor: Pamela Tiffin
movieId: JFe20  actor: AnnMargaret
movieId: JFe20  actor: Bobby Darin
movieId: JFe20  actor: Wally Cox
movieId: JFg10  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: JFg10  actor: Tyne Daly
movieId: JFg10  actor: Harry Guardino
movieId: JFg10  actor: Bradford Dillman
movieId: JFg20  actor: Chuck Norris
movieId: JFg20  actor: Mary Louise Weller
movieId: JFi10  actor: Sissy Spacek
movieId: JFi10  actor: Eric Roberts
movieId: JFi10  actor: Sam Shepard
movieId: JfH10  actor: Lenny Bruce
movieId: JfH10  actor: s a
movieId: JFll  actor: Preston Foster
movieId: JFll  actor: Jane Wyatt
movieId: JFll  actor: Jimmy Gleason
movieId: JFll  actor: Arthur Hohl
movieId: JFll  actor: Jane Darwell
movieId: JFll  actor: Christian Rub
movieId: JFll  actor: Moroni Olson
movieId: JFll  actor: Mischa Auer
movieId: JfPd10  actor: Tommy Davidson
movieId: JfPd10  actor: Jamie Foxx
movieId: JfPd10  actor: Tamala Jones
movieId: JfPd10  actor: Vivica A. Fox
movieId: JFr8  actor: Klaus Kinski
movieId: JFr8  actor: Jack Palance
movieId: JFr8  actor: Mercedes McCambridge
movieId: JFr8  actor: Sylvia Koscina
movieId: JFr8  actor: Maria Roehm
movieId: JFr8  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: JFr10  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: JFr10  actor: Tsi Chin
movieId: JFr10  actor: Shirley Eaton
movieId: JFr10  actor: Maria Rohm
movieId: JFr10  actor: Richard Green
movieId: JFr12  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: JFr12  actor: Tsi Chin
movieId: JFr12  actor: Maria Rohm
movieId: JFr12  actor: Richard Green
movieId: JFr12  actor: Maria Perschy
movieId: JFr12  actor: Rosalba Neri
movieId: JFr15  actor: James Darren
movieId: JFr15  actor: Maria Rohm
movieId: JFr15  actor: Barbara McNair
movieId: JFr15  actor: Dennis Price
movieId: JFr15  actor: Margaret Lee
movieId: JFr15  actor: Klaus Kinski
movieId: JFr15  actor: Manfred Mann
movieId: JFr22  actor: KLaus Kinski
movieId: JFs10  actor: Sylvain Copoans
movieId: JFW5  actor: Robby Benson
movieId: JFW5  actor: Linda Grovenor
movieId: JFW5  actor: Charles Durning
movieId: JFW5  actor: Robby Benson
movieId: JFW5  actor: Linda Grovenor
movieId: JFW5  actor: Charles Durning
movieId: JGb10  actor: Karen Finley
movieId: JGb10  actor: Joe Gibbons
movieId: JGb10  actor: Tony Conrad
movieId: JGb10  actor: Tony Oursler
movieId: JGb10  actor: Adolfas Mekas
movieId: JGd2  actor: Jack Palance
movieId: JGd2  actor: Fritz Lang
movieId: JGd2  actor: Michel Picoli
movieId: JGd2  actor: Brigitte Bardot
movieId: JGd10  actor: Valeria Cavelli
movieId: JGd10  actor: JeanPierre Cassel
movieId: JGd10  actor: Fernando Rey
movieId: JGd15  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: JGf10  actor: Ralph Meeker
movieId: JGf10  actor: Carrol Baker
movieId: JGf10  actor: Jean Stapleton
movieId: JGi10  actor: Louis deFunes
movieId: JGi10  actor: Mireille Dac
movieId: JGi10  actor: sa
movieId: JGK2  actor: Kim Yun
movieId: JGK2  actor: Choi Min Sik
movieId: JGK2  actor: Han Suk Kyu
movieId: JGl10  actor: Christopher George
movieId: JGl10  actor: Robert Ginty
movieId: JGl10  actor: Steve James
movieId: JGl10  actor: Samantha Eggar
movieId: JGl10  actor: Roger Grimsby
movieId: JGl15  actor: Ken Wahl
movieId: JGl15  actor: Alberta Watson
movieId: JGl15  actor: Jeremiah Sullivan
movieId: JGl15  actor: Klaus Kinski
movieId: JGl15  actor: William Prince
movieId: JGl20  actor: Jackie Chan
movieId: JGl20  actor: Danny Aieollo
movieId: JGl20  actor: Roy Chiao
movieId: JGo10  actor: Peter OToole
movieId: JGo10  actor: Richard Roundtree
movieId: JGo10  actor: Gerald Green
movieId: JGo10  actor: Jules Buck
movieId: JGo10  actor: Adria Mitchell
movieId: JGo10  actor: Peter Ellis
movieId: JGo10  actor: Peter Ellis
movieId: JGo13  actor: Richard Burton
movieId: JGo13  actor: Lee Remick
movieId: JGo13  actor: Lino Ventura
movieId: JGo13  actor: Harry Andrews
movieId: JGo13  actor: Alan badel
movieId: JGo13  actor: Jeremy Brett
movieId: JGo13  actor: Michael Hodern
movieId: JGo20  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: JGo20  actor: Kristin Scott Thomas
movieId: JGo20  actor: Derek Jacobi
movieId: JGo20  actor: Timothy Watson
movieId: JGr5  actor: s a
movieId: JGr5  actor: Laurence Clavius
movieId: JGr30  actor: Paul Bernard
movieId: JGr30  actor: Michel Bouquet
movieId: JGr30  actor: Suzy Delair
movieId: JGs6  actor: Tony Franciosa
movieId: JGs6  actor: Michael Sarrazin
movieId: JGs6  actor: Judi West
movieId: JGs6  actor: Susan Oliver
movieId: JGs6  actor: John Anderson
movieId: JGs10  actor: William Holden
movieId: JGs10  actor: Jaqueline Bissett
movieId: JGs10  actor: Red Buttons
movieId: JGs10  actor: Barbara Carrierre
movieId: JGs10  actor: Valentina Cortese.
movieId: JGs10  actor: s a
movieId: JGs10  actor: Alex Karras
movieId: JGs10  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: JGs10  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: JGs10  actor: James Franciscus
movieId: JGs10  actor: s a
movieId: JGs10  actor: s a
movieId: JGs10  actor: John Cosidine
movieId: JGs10  actor: Sheila Allen
movieId: JGs10  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: JGs10  actor: Edward Albert
movieId: JGs10  actor: Valentino
movieId: JGs20  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: JGs20  actor: Joanne Woodward
movieId: JGs20  actor: Richard Thomas
movieId: JGs20  actor: Robert Wagner
movieId: JGs20  actor: David Sheiner
movieId: JGs20  actor: Clu Gulager
movieId: JGs30  actor: Lionel Stander
movieId: JGs30  actor: Jo VanFleet
movieId: JGs30  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: JGs30  actor: Jerry Orbach
movieId: JGs30  actor: Leigh TaylorYoung
movieId: JGs31  actor: George Segal
movieId: JGs31  actor: Timothy Botoms
movieId: JGs31  actor: Richard Widmark
movieId: JGs31  actor: Susan Strasberg
movieId: JGs31  actor: Harry Guardino
movieId: JGs31  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: JGs31  actor: Helen Hunt
movieId: JGs40  actor: Lynda Carter
movieId: JGs40  actor: Michael Lerner
movieId: JGs40  actor: Alejandro Rey
movieId: JGs40  actor: John Considine
movieId: JGz1  actor: Ben Kingsley
movieId: JGz1  actor: sa
movieId: JHd10  actor: Terence Weller
movieId: JHe10  actor: Alain Delon
movieId: JHe10  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: JHe10  actor: Brigitte Fossey
movieId: JHi7  actor: Anne Baxter
movieId: JHi7  actor: Jeff Chandler
movieId: JHi7  actor: Roy Calhoun
movieId: JHi7  actor: Barbara Britton
movieId: JHi7  actor: Wallace Ford
movieId: JHH10  actor: Hanna Schygulla
movieId: JHj10  actor: Jack Elam
movieId: JHj10  actor: Dub Taylor
movieId: JHj10  actor: Dennis Fimple
movieId: JHj10  actor: John David Carson
movieId: JHj10  actor: Bill Thurman
movieId: JHL6  actor: Nina Foch
movieId: JHL6  actor: May Whitty
movieId: JHL6  actor: George Macready
movieId: JHL7  actor: Steve Geray
movieId: JHL12  actor: Peggy Cumming
movieId: JHL12  actor: John Dall
movieId: JHL17  actor: Cornel Wilde
movieId: JHL17  actor: Richard Conte
movieId: JHL17  actor: Jean Wallace
movieId: JHL17  actor: Lee VanCleef
movieId: JHL17  actor: Brian Donlevy
movieId: JHL17  actor: Earl Holliman
movieId: JHL20  actor: Sterling Hayden
movieId: JHL20  actor: Sebastian Cabot
movieId: JHo20  actor: Anne Baxter
movieId: JHo20  actor: Rock Hudson
movieId: JHo20  actor: Julia Adams
movieId: JHo20  actor: Natalie Wood
movieId: JHo24  actor: Jeff Chandler
movieId: JHo24  actor: Laraine Day
movieId: JHo24  actor: Tim Hovey
movieId: JHo24  actor: Cecil kellaway
movieId: JHo24  actor: Richard Haydn
movieId: JHo40  actor: Barry Sullivan
movieId: JHo40  actor: Katherine Bard
movieId: JHp10  actor: Amy Irving
movieId: JHp10  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: JHp10  actor: Rider Strong
movieId: JHp10  actor: Graham Greene
movieId: JHp10  actor: Christopher McDonald
movieId: JHp10  actor: Theodore Bikel
movieId: JHr10  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: JHr10  actor: Gene Kelly
movieId: JHr10  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: JHr10  actor: James Stewart
movieId: JHr10  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: JHr10  actor: Liza Minelli
movieId: JHr10  actor: Donald OConnor
movieId: JHr10  actor: Debbie Reynolds
movieId: JHr10  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: JHr10  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: JHr20  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: JHr20  actor: Gene Kelly
movieId: JHr20  actor: Eleanor Powell
movieId: JHr20  actor: Busby Berkeley
movieId: JHr20  actor: Sammy Davis~jr
movieId: JHr20  actor: Mikhail Baryshnikov
movieId: JHr20  actor: Liza Minelli
movieId: JHr20  actor: Ray Bolger
movieId: JHr30  actor: Ann Miller
movieId: JHr30  actor: Gene Kelly
movieId: JHr30  actor: Ross Sisters
movieId: JHr30  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: JHr30  actor: Cyd Charisse
movieId: JHr30  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: JHs10  actor: Jill Clayburgh
movieId: JHs10  actor: Nicol Williamson
movieId: JHs10  actor: Daniel Stern
movieId: JHs10  actor: Joe Pesci
movieId: JHs10  actor: Geraldine Page
movieId: JHs10  actor: Richard Masur
movieId: JHs10  actor: Dianne Wiest
movieId: JHy10  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: JHy10  actor: Joseph Bottoms
movieId: JHy10  actor: Allyn Ann McLerie
movieId: JHy10  actor: Peter Donat
movieId: JI1  actor: Tsutomu Yamazaki
movieId: JI1  actor: Nobuko Miyamoto
movieId: JI1  actor: Kin Sugai
movieId: JI1  actor: Shuji Otaki
movieId: JI1  actor: Chishu Ryu
movieId: JI2  actor: Nobuko Miyamoto
movieId: JI2  actor: Tsutomu Yamazaki
movieId: JI2  actor: Manpeji Itami
movieId: JI4  actor: Nobuko Miyamoto
movieId: JI4  actor: Tsutomu Yamazaki
movieId: JI4  actor: s a
movieId: JI4  actor: Masahiko Tsugawa
movieId: JI4  actor: Shinsuke Ashida
movieId: JI5  actor: Nobuko Miyamoto
movieId: JI5  actor: s a
movieId: JI5  actor: s a
movieId: JI6  actor: Nobuko Miyamoto
movieId: JiA1  actor: Robert Stack
movieId: JiA1  actor: Lloyd Bridges
movieId: JiA1  actor: Robert Hays
movieId: JiA1  actor: Julie Hegerty
movieId: JiA1  actor: Peter Graves
movieId: JiA1  actor: Leslie Nielsen
movieId: JiA1  actor: Lorna Patterson
movieId: JiA1  actor: Ethel Merman
movieId: JiA1  actor: Kareem AbdulJabbar
movieId: JiA1  actor: Joyce Bulifant
movieId: JiA1  actor: Jill Whelan
movieId: JiA5  actor: Val Kilmer
movieId: JiA5  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: JiA5  actor: Michael Gough
movieId: JiA5  actor: Lucy Gutteridge
movieId: JiA5  actor: Christopher Villiers
movieId: JiA5  actor: Omar Sharif
movieId: JiA5  actor: John Shard
movieId: JiA5  actor: Jeremy Kemp
movieId: JiA5  actor: Warner Clark
movieId: JiA5  actor: Richard Mayes
movieId: JiA5  actor: Billy J. Mitchell
movieId: JiA5  actor: Burton Zucker
movieId: JiA5  actor: Sydney Arnold
movieId: JiA5  actor: Eddie Tagee
movieId: JiA5  actor: Jim Carter
movieId: JiA5  actor: Dimitri Andreas
movieId: JiA7  actor: Bette Midler
movieId: JiA7  actor: Danny deVito
movieId: JiA9  actor: Bette Midler
movieId: JiA9  actor: Bette Midler
movieId: JiA9  actor: Lily Tomlin
movieId: JiA9  actor: Lily Tomlin
movieId: JiA9  actor: Fred Ward
movieId: JiA10  actor: Leslie Nielsen
movieId: JiA10  actor: O.J. Simpson
movieId: JiA10  actor: Priscilla Presley
movieId: JiA12  actor: Priscilla Presley
movieId: JiA12  actor: Gilbert Gottfried
movieId: JiA15  actor: Charlie Sheen
movieId: JiA15  actor: Valeria Golino
movieId: JiA15  actor: Cary Elwes
movieId: JiA15  actor: Jon Cryer
movieId: JiA15  actor: Bill Irwin
movieId: JiA15  actor: Lloyd Bridges
movieId: JiA15  actor: Jake
movieId: JiA15  actor: Elwood
movieId: JiA18  actor: Charlie Sheen
movieId: JiA18  actor: Lloyd Bridges
movieId: JiA18  actor: Ricard Crenna
movieId: JiA18  actor: s a
movieId: JiA18  actor: Valerie Golina
movieId: JiA18  actor: Brenda Bakke
movieId: JiC10  actor: Marty Feldman
movieId: JiC10  actor: Shelley Berman
movieId: JiC10  actor: Judy Cornwell
movieId: JiC10  actor: Julie Ege
movieId: JiC20  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: JiC20  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: JiC20  actor: Robert Quarry
movieId: JiC20  actor: Adrienne Corri
movieId: JiC20  actor: Natasha Pyne
movieId: JiC20  actor: Linda Hayden
movieId: JiC20  actor: Barry Dennen
movieId: JiF10  actor: Craig Alan Edwards
movieId: JiF10  actor: Harry Winter
movieId: JiF10  actor: LisaMarle Felter
movieId: JiF10  actor: Susan Lynn Ross
movieId: JiG10  actor: Jennifer LoveHewitt
movieId: JiG10  actor: Sarah Michelle Gellar
movieId: JiG10  actor: Ryan Phillippe
movieId: JiG10  actor: Freddie Prinze~jr.
movieId: JiG10  actor: Johnny Galecki
movieId: JiG10  actor: Bridgitte Wilson
movieId: JiS10  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: JiS10  actor: Tim Curry
movieId: JiS10  actor: Meatloaf
movieId: JiS10  actor: little Nell
movieId: JiS10  actor: Barry Bostwick
movieId: JiS10  actor: Charles Gray
movieId: JIv8  actor: Jennifer Kendal
movieId: JIv8  actor: Shashi Kapoor
movieId: JIv8  actor: s a
movieId: JIv11  actor: Susan Blakely
movieId: JIv11  actor: Sam Waterston
movieId: JIv15  actor: James Coco
movieId: JIv15  actor: Raquel Welch
movieId: JIv15  actor: Perry King
movieId: JIv15  actor: Tiffany Bolling
movieId: JIv15  actor: Royal Dano
movieId: JIv15  actor: David Dukes
movieId: JIv15  actor: Dena Dietrich
movieId: JIv28  actor: Lee Remick
movieId: JIv28  actor: Robin Ellis
movieId: JIv28  actor: Wesley Addy
movieId: JIv28  actor: Lisa Eichhorn
movieId: JIv30  actor: Julie Christie
movieId: JIv30  actor: Greta Scacchi
movieId: JIv30  actor: Shashi Kapoor
movieId: JIv30  actor: Christopher Cazenove
movieId: JIv30  actor: Nickolas Grace
movieId: JIv33  actor: Christopher Reeve
movieId: JIv33  actor: Vanessa Redgrave
movieId: JIv33  actor: Jessica Tandy
movieId: JIv33  actor: Nancy Marchand
movieId: JIv33  actor: Linda Hunt
movieId: JIv33  actor: Madeline Potter
movieId: JIv35  actor: Helena Bonham Carter
movieId: JIv35  actor: Julian Sands
movieId: JIv35  actor: Maggie Smith
movieId: JIv35  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: JIv35  actor: Daniel DayLewis
movieId: JIv35  actor: Judi Dench
movieId: JIv35  actor: Simon Callow
movieId: JIv35  actor: Rosemary Leach
movieId: JIv35  actor: Isabella Celani
movieId: JIv35  actor: Lucca Rossi
movieId: JIv37  actor: James Wilby
movieId: JIv37  actor: Hugh Grant
movieId: JIv37  actor: Rupert Graves
movieId: JIv37  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: JIv37  actor: Simon Callow
movieId: JIv37  actor: Billie Whitelaw
movieId: JIv37  actor: Ben Kingsley
movieId: JIv40  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: JIv40  actor: Joanne Woodward
movieId: JIv40  actor: Austin Pendleton
movieId: JIv40  actor: John Bell
movieId: JIv40  actor: Robert Sean Leonard
movieId: JIv40  actor: Blythe Danner
movieId: JIv40  actor: Remak Ramsay
movieId: JIv40  actor: Kyra Sedgewick
movieId: JIv40  actor: Margaret Welsh
movieId: JIv40  actor: Sandra McClain
movieId: JIv40  actor: Gale Garnett
movieId: JIv40  actor: Simom Callow
movieId: JIv42  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: JIv42  actor: Vanessa Redgrave
movieId: JIv42  actor: Emma Thompson
movieId: JIv42  actor: Helena Bonham Carter
movieId: JIv42  actor: James Wilby
movieId: JIv42  actor: Jemma Redgrave
movieId: JIv42  actor: Sam West
movieId: JIv42  actor: Nicola Duffet
movieId: JIv42  actor: Joseph Bennet
movieId: JIv42  actor: Susan Lindeman
movieId: JIv42  actor: Adrian Ross Magenty
movieId: JIv42  actor: Barbara Hicks
movieId: JIv42  actor: Prunella Scales
movieId: JIv42  actor: Jo Kendall
movieId: JIv42  actor: Mark Payton
movieId: JIv42  actor: Simon Callow
movieId: JIv42  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: JIv42  actor: Emma Thompson
movieId: JIv42  actor: James Fox
movieId: JIv42  actor: Lena Headey
movieId: JIv42  actor: Christopher Reeve
movieId: JIv42  actor: Hugh Grant
movieId: JIv42  actor: Brigitte Kahn
movieId: JIv42  actor: Tim PigottSmith
movieId: JIv42  actor: s a
movieId: JIv42  actor: s a
movieId: JIv42  actor: s a
movieId: JIv45  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: JIv45  actor: Greta Scacchi
movieId: JIv45  actor: sa
movieId: JIv45  actor: Thandie Newton
movieId: JIv45  actor: Seth Gilliam
movieId: JIv45  actor: Gwyneth Paltrow
movieId: JIv45  actor: Estelle Eonnet
movieId: JIv45  actor: James Earl Jones
movieId: JIv45  actor: Charlotte deTuscanny
movieId: JIv45  actor: Michael Lonsdale
movieId: JIV47  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: JIV47  actor: Julianne Moore
movieId: JIv51  actor: Jaremy Northam
movieId: JIv51  actor: Kate Beckinsale
movieId: JIv51  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: JIv51  actor: Uma Thurman
movieId: JIv51  actor: Jaremy Northam
movieId: JIv51  actor: Jaremy Northam
movieId: JIv51  actor: Jaremy Northam
movieId: JIv51  actor: Jaremy Northam
movieId: JJA5  actor: Everett McGill
movieId: JJA5  actor: Ron Perlman
movieId: JJA5  actor: Rae Dawn Chong
movieId: JJA5  actor: Nameer ElKadi
movieId: JJA7  actor: Jacques Spieser
movieId: JJA10  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: JJA10  actor: Christian Slater
movieId: JJA10  actor: F. Murray Abraham
movieId: JJA10  actor: Michel Lonsdale
movieId: JJA10  actor: Elya Baskin
movieId: JJA10  actor: Volker Prechtel
movieId: JJA10  actor: Feodor Chaliapin~jr.
movieId: JJA10  actor: William Hickey
movieId: JJA10  actor: Urs Althaus
movieId: JJA10  actor: Michael Habeck
movieId: JJA10  actor: Vernon Dobtcheff
movieId: JJA10  actor: Valentina Vargas
movieId: JJA10  actor: Franco Diogene
movieId: JJA10  actor: Ennio Lollainni
movieId: JJA10  actor: Dwight Weist
movieId: JJA10  actor: Peter Welz
movieId: JnA20  actor: Jane March
movieId: JnA20  actor: Tony Leung
movieId: JnA20  actor: Frederique Meininger
movieId: JnA20  actor: Arnaud Giovaninetti
movieId: JnA20  actor: s a
movieId: JnA20  actor: s a
movieId: JnA20  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: JJA25  actor: Brad Pitt
movieId: JJA25  actor: David Thewlis
movieId: JJA25  actor: B.D. Wong
movieId: JJA25  actor: Mako
movieId: JJA25  actor: s a
movieId: JJB1  actor: Wilhelmena Wiggins Fernandez
movieId: JJB1  actor: Fr\'ed\'ric Andrei
movieId: JJB1  actor: Dominique Pinon
movieId: JJB1  actor: Thuy An Luu
movieId: JJB1  actor: Richard Bohringer
movieId: JJB1  actor: Jacques Fabri
movieId: JJB1  actor: Roland Bertin
movieId: JJB1  actor: Gerard Darmon
movieId: JJB1  actor: Chantal Dernaz
movieId: JJB1  actor: Patrick Floersheim
movieId: JJB1  actor: JeanJaques Moreau
movieId: JJB1  actor: Anny Romand
movieId: JJB10  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: JJB10  actor: Nastassia Kinski
movieId: JJB10  actor: Victoria Abril
movieId: JJB10  actor: Bertice Reading
movieId: JJB10  actor: Milena Vukotic
movieId: JJB10  actor: Vittorio Mezzoglomo
movieId: JJB15  actor: JeanHughes Anglade
movieId: JJB15  actor: Beatrice Dalle
movieId: JJB15  actor: Gerard Darmon
movieId: JJC10  actor: Terence Stamp
movieId: JJC10  actor: Denis Leary
movieId: JJC10  actor: Aitana SanchezGion
movieId: JJC10  actor: Michael Badalucco
movieId: JJC10  actor: s a
movieId: JJm2  actor: John Lurie
movieId: JJm2  actor: Richard Edson
movieId: JJm2  actor: Eszter Balint
movieId: JJm3  actor: Roberto Benigni
movieId: JJm3  actor: Waits
movieId: JJm4  actor: Masatoshi Nagasa
movieId: JJm4  actor: Youki Kudoh
movieId: JJm4  actor: Steve Busceni
movieId: JJm4  actor: Nicoletta Braschi
movieId: JJm4  actor: Joe Strummer
movieId: JJm4  actor: Elizabeth Bracco
movieId: JJm4  actor: Cinque Lee
movieId: JJm4  actor: Screaming Jay Hawkins
movieId: JJm6  actor: Winona Ryder
movieId: JJm6  actor: Gena Rowlands
movieId: JJm6  actor: Giancarlo Esposito
movieId: JJm6  actor: Armin MuellerStahl
movieId: JJm6  actor: Rosie Perez
movieId: JJm6  actor: Isaach deBancole
movieId: JJm6  actor: Beatrice Dalle
movieId: JJm6  actor: Robert Benigni
movieId: JJm6  actor: Paolo Bonacelli
movieId: JJm6  actor: Matti Pellonpas
movieId: JJm6  actor: Karl Vaananen
movieId: JJm6  actor: Sakari Kuomanen
movieId: JJm6  actor: Tomi Salmela
movieId: JJm9  actor: Johnne Depp
movieId: JJm13  actor: Forest Whitaker
movieId: JJo1  actor: Rick Moranis
movieId: JJo1  actor: Matt Frewer
movieId: JJo1  actor: Marcia Strassman
movieId: JJo1  actor: Kristine Sutherland
movieId: JJo1  actor: Jared Rushton
movieId: JJo1  actor: Amy ONeil
movieId: JJo1  actor: Thomas Brown
movieId: JJo1  actor: Robert Olivieri
movieId: JJo2  actor: Bill Campbell
movieId: JJo2  actor: Alan Arkin
movieId: JJo2  actor: Jennifer Connelly
movieId: JJo2  actor: Terry OQuinn
movieId: JJo2  actor: Timothy Dalton
movieId: JJo2  actor: Tiny Ron
movieId: JJo5  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: JJo5  actor: Kirsten Dunst
movieId: JJo5  actor: David Allen Gries
movieId: JJo5  actor: Hans Byrd
movieId: JJo5  actor: Bonnie Hurd
movieId: JJo5  actor: Bradley Pierce
movieId: JJo5  actor: Bebe Neuwirth
movieId: JJo5  actor: Jonathan Hyde
movieId: JJo5  actor: Lawrie Bill Nundy
movieId: JJo5  actor: June Lion
movieId: JJo5  actor: Leonard Zola
movieId: JJo5  actor: Bobby Porter
movieId: JJo10  actor: Jake Gyllenhaal
movieId: JJo10  actor: Chad Lindberg
movieId: JJo10  actor: Laura Dern
movieId: JJo10  actor: William Lee Scott
movieId: JJo10  actor: s a
movieId: JJo10  actor: Chris Owen
movieId: JJo10  actor: Elya Baskin
movieId: JJo10  actor: Chris Cooper
movieId: JJo10  actor: s a
movieId: JJo10  actor: Natalie Cannerday
movieId: JJo10  actor: Elya Baskin
movieId: JJo10  actor: Chris Ellis
movieId: JJo10  actor: s a
movieId: JJu10  actor: John Agar
movieId: JJu10  actor: Rosemarie Bowe
movieId: JJu10  actor: Kiki
movieId: JKa47  actor: Bill Elliott
movieId: JKa47  actor: Vera Ralston
movieId: JKa47  actor: John Carroll
movieId: JKa47  actor: Gabby Hayes
movieId: JKa55  actor: Jeff Corey
movieId: JKa56  actor: Jeff Corey
movieId: JKf10  actor: David Straithairn
movieId: JKf10  actor: Bonnie Bedalia
movieId: JKf10  actor: Saul Rubineck
movieId: JKf10  actor: Caroleen Feeney
movieId: JkH10  actor: Patrick Magee
movieId: JkH10  actor: William Campbell
movieId: JkH10  actor: Anna Pavane
movieId: JkH20  actor: s a
movieId: JKm10  actor: Elsie Ferguson
movieId: JKm10  actor: Crawford Kent
movieId: JKp8  actor: Jan-Michael Vincent
movieId: JKp8  actor: Kay Lenz
movieId: JKp8  actor: Slim Pickens
movieId: JKp8  actor: L.Q. Jones
movieId: JKp10  actor: Terence Hill
movieId: JKp10  actor: Valerie Perrine
movieId: JKp10  actor: Jackie Gleason
movieId: JKp15  actor: Michael Kramer
movieId: JKp15  actor: Pamela Ludwig
movieId: JKp15  actor: Matt Dillon
movieId: JKp18  actor: Beau Bridges
movieId: JKp18  actor: Leo Rossi
movieId: JKp18  actor: Hoyt Axton
movieId: JKp18  actor: Bill McKinney
movieId: JKp18  actor: Bonnie Bedelia
movieId: JKp20  actor: Ann Jillian
movieId: JKp20  actor: Jennifer Jason Leigh
movieId: JKp20  actor: Tom Byrd
movieId: JKp30  actor: Jodie Foster
movieId: JKp30  actor: Kelly McGillis
movieId: JKp32  actor: Madeleine Scott
movieId: JKp32  actor: Kurt Russell
movieId: JKp32  actor: s a
movieId: JKp32  actor: Ray Liotta
movieId: JKp32  actor: Roger E. Mosley
movieId: JKp32  actor: Ken Lerner
movieId: JKp33  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: JKp33  actor: Dennis Haysbert
movieId: JKp33  actor: Brian Kerwin
movieId: JKp35  actor: Madeleine Stowe
movieId: JKp35  actor: Mary Stuart Masterson
movieId: JKp35  actor: Drew Barrymore
movieId: JKp35  actor: Andie McDowell
movieId: JKp35  actor: James Russo
movieId: JKp35  actor: Dermot Mulroney
movieId: JKp35  actor: James LeGros
movieId: JKp35  actor: Robert Loggia
movieId: JKp35  actor: Claire Danes
movieId: JKp35  actor: Kate Beckinsdale
movieId: JKp35  actor: Bill Pullman
movieId: JKp35  actor: Tom Amandes
movieId: JKp35  actor: Hank Green
movieId: JKp35  actor: Jacqueline Kim
movieId: JKp35  actor: Lou Richard Phillips
movieId: JKp35  actor: s a
movieId: JKp35  actor: Daniel LaPaine
movieId: JKp35  actor: Nick Pars
movieId: JKp35  actor: Skip Karn
movieId: JKp35  actor: Davis
movieId: JKp35  actor: John Doe
movieId: JKp35  actor: s a
movieId: JKp35  actor: Roy Koos
movieId: JKr10  actor: Isabella Rosselini
movieId: JKr10  actor: Maximilian Schell
movieId: JKr10  actor: Laura Fraser
movieId: JKr10  actor: Adam Monty
movieId: JkS5  actor: Tamara Dobson
movieId: JkS5  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: JkS5  actor: Breenda Sykes
movieId: JkS5  actor: Bernie Casey
movieId: JkS10  actor: Susan George
movieId: JkS10  actor: Timothy Bottoms
movieId: JkS10  actor: Bo Hopkins
movieId: JkS10  actor: Art Hindle
movieId: JKt10  actor: Val Kilmer
movieId: JKt10  actor: Ralph Fiennes
movieId: JKt10  actor: s a
movieId: JKt10  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: JKt10  actor: Danny Glover
movieId: JKt10  actor: Jeff Goldblum
movieId: JKw5  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: JKw5  actor: John Schneider
movieId: JKw5  actor: Lee Purcell
movieId: JKw7  actor: Robert Carradine
movieId: JKw7  actor: Anthony Edwards
movieId: JKw7  actor: Julie Montgomery
movieId: JKw7  actor: Ted McGinley
movieId: JKw7  actor: Bernie Casey
movieId: JKw10  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: JKw10  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: JKw10  actor: Charles Durning
movieId: JKw10  actor: Alexis Smith
movieId: JKw10  actor: Eli Wallach
movieId: JKw10  actor: Darlanne Fluegel
movieId: JKz10  actor: Matthias Paul
movieId: JKz10  actor: Armin MuellerStahl
movieId: JKz10  actor: Angela Winkler
movieId: JL5  actor: Jerry Lewis
movieId: JL5  actor: Alex Gerry
movieId: JL5  actor: Bob Clayton
movieId: JL5  actor: Herkie Styles
movieId: JL5  actor: Milton Berle
movieId: JL10  actor: Jerry Lewis
movieId: JL10  actor: Brian Donlevy
movieId: JL10  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: JL10  actor: Fritz Feld
movieId: JL10  actor: Isobel Epsom
movieId: JL10  actor: Iris Adrian
movieId: JL13  actor: Jerry Lewis
movieId: JL13  actor: Stella Stevens
movieId: JL13  actor: Howard Morris
movieId: JL13  actor: Kathleen Freeman
movieId: JL15  actor: Jerry Lewis
movieId: JL15  actor: Everett Sloane
movieId: JL15  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: JL15  actor: John Carradine
movieId: JL15  actor: Phil Harris
movieId: JL15  actor: Hans Conried
movieId: JLa10  actor: Kim Catrell
movieId: JLa10  actor: Lara Zano
movieId: JLa10  actor: Dana Delaney
movieId: JLa10  actor: Leila Robbins
movieId: JLa10  actor: Julianna Lavin
movieId: JLa10  actor: Olivia dAbo
movieId: JLa10  actor: Cynthia Stevenson
movieId: JLa10  actor: Glenn Quinn
movieId: JLa10  actor: s a
movieId: JLa10  actor: s a
movieId: JLa10  actor: s a
movieId: JLa10  actor: s a
movieId: JLa10  actor: s a
movieId: JLB1  actor: Shirley MacLaine
movieId: JLB1  actor: Debra Winger
movieId: JLB1  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: JLB1  actor: Danny DeVito
movieId: JLB1  actor: John Lithgow
movieId: JLB1  actor: Jeff Daniels
movieId: JLB7  actor: Holly Hunter
movieId: JLB7  actor: Albert Brooks
movieId: JLB12  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: JLB12  actor: Whittni Wright
movieId: JLB12  actor: Joely Richardson
movieId: JLB12  actor: Albert Brooks
movieId: JLB12  actor: Juliew Carver
movieId: JLB14  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: JLB14  actor: Helen Hunt
movieId: JLB14  actor: Cuba Gooding~jr
movieId: JLB14  actor: Greg Kinnear
movieId: JLB14  actor: Jill
movieId: JLB14  actor: Shirley Knight
movieId: JLB14  actor: Skeet Ulrich
movieId: JlC4  actor: Dan Hedaya
movieId: JlC4  actor: Frances McDormand
movieId: JlC4  actor: John Getz
movieId: JlC4  actor: M.Emmet Walsh
movieId: JlC4  actor: Samm-Art Williams
movieId: JlC7  actor: Nicolas Cage
movieId: JlC7  actor: Holly Hunter
movieId: JlC7  actor: Trey Wilson
movieId: JlC7  actor: T.J. Kuhn
movieId: JlC7  actor: John Goodman
movieId: JlC7  actor: William Forsythe
movieId: JlC7  actor: Randall (Tex) Cobb
movieId: JlC7  actor: Frances McDormand
movieId: JlC7  actor: Sam McMurray
movieId: JlC10  actor: Albert Finney
movieId: JlC10  actor: John Polito
movieId: JlC10  actor: John Turturro
movieId: JlC10  actor: Marcia Gay Harden
movieId: JlC10  actor: Gabriel Byrne
movieId: JlC11  actor: John Turturro
movieId: JlC11  actor: John Goodman
movieId: JlC11  actor: Michael Lerner
movieId: JlC11  actor: John Mahoney
movieId: JlC11  actor: Judy Davis
movieId: JlC11  actor: Tony Shalhoub
movieId: JlC14  actor: Tim Robbins
movieId: JlC14  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: JlC14  actor: Jennifer Jason Leigh
movieId: JlC16  actor: William H. Macy
movieId: JlC16  actor: Peter Stormare
movieId: JlC16  actor: Steve Buscemi
movieId: JlC16  actor: Frances McDormond
movieId: JlC16  actor: s a
movieId: JlC16  actor: Harve Presnell
movieId: JlC16  actor: s a
movieId: JlC18  actor: Jeff Bridges
movieId: JlC18  actor: Julianne Moore
movieId: JlC18  actor: John Goodman
movieId: JlC18  actor: David Huddleston
movieId: JlC18  actor: Steve Buscemi
movieId: JlC18  actor: John Turturro
movieId: JlC18  actor: Sam Elliott
movieId: JLe10  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: JLe10  actor: Deborah Winters
movieId: JLe10  actor: Felicia Farr
movieId: JLG1  actor: JeanPaul Belmondo
movieId: JLG1  actor: Jean Seberg
movieId: JLG1  actor: Daniel Boulanger
movieId: JLG1  actor: JeanPierre Melville
movieId: JLG1  actor: JeanLouis Richard
movieId: JLG1  actor: Philippe deBroca
movieId: JLG1  actor: JeanLuc Godard
movieId: JLG1  actor: Francois Truffaut
movieId: JLG1  actor: Claude Chabrol
movieId: JLG4  actor: Anna Karina
movieId: JLG4  actor: Michel Subor
movieId: JLG8  actor: s a
movieId: JLG8  actor: s a
movieId: JLG9  actor: Michel Piccoli
movieId: JLG9  actor: Brigitte Bardot
movieId: JLG9  actor: Jack Palance
movieId: JLG9  actor: Fritz Lang
movieId: JLG9  actor: s a
movieId: JLG10  actor: Macha Meril
movieId: JLG10  actor: Philippe Leroy
movieId: JLG10  actor: Bernard Noel
movieId: JLG11  actor: Anna Karina
movieId: JLG11  actor: Claude Brasseur
movieId: JLG11  actor: Sami Frey
movieId: JLG11  actor: sa
movieId: JLG11  actor: Louise Colpeyn
movieId: JLG11  actor: Daniele Girard
movieId: JLG11  actor: Ernest Menzer
movieId: JLG11  actor: Georges Staquet
movieId: JLG11  actor: Jean-Luc Goddard
movieId: JLG14  actor: JeanPierre Leaud
movieId: JLG14  actor: Chantal Goya
movieId: JLG15  actor: Eddie Constantine
movieId: JLG15  actor: Lemmy Caution
movieId: JLG15  actor: Anna Karina
movieId: JLG15  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: JLG16  actor: Jaen Paul Belmondo
movieId: JLG16  actor: Anna Karina
movieId: JLG16  actor: s a
movieId: JLG16  actor: Jimmy Karoubi
movieId: JLG16  actor: Samuel Fuller
movieId: JLG16  actor: JeanPierre Leaud
movieId: JLG21  actor: Anne Wiazemsky
movieId: JLG21  actor: JeanPierre Leaud
movieId: JLG21  actor: Juliette Berto
movieId: JLG21  actor: Michel S\'eminako
movieId: JLG21  actor: Lex deBruijn
movieId: JLG21  actor: Omar Diop
movieId: JLG22  actor: Marina Vlady
movieId: JLG25  actor: Juliet Berto
movieId: JLG25  actor: JeanPierre Leaud
movieId: JLG27  actor: Anna Karina
movieId: JLG27  actor: Saby Rebbot
movieId: JLG28  actor: JeanPaul Belmondo
movieId: JLG28  actor: Anna Karina
movieId: JLG28  actor: JeanClaude Briax
movieId: JLG30  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: JLG30  actor: Yves Montand
movieId: JLG40  actor: Isabelle Huppert
movieId: JLG40  actor: Jacques Dutronc
movieId: JLG40  actor: Nathalie Baye
movieId: JLG45  actor: Isabelle Huppert
movieId: JLG45  actor: Hanna Schygulla
movieId: JLG45  actor: Jerzy Radziwilowicz
movieId: JLG50  actor: Maruschka Detmers
movieId: JLG50  actor: JeanLuc Godard
movieId: JLG50  actor: Jaques Bonaffi
movieId: JLG52  actor: Myriam Roussel
movieId: JLG52  actor: s a
movieId: JLG52  actor: Juliette Binoche
movieId: JLG55  actor: Enrico Caruso
movieId: JLG55  actor: Leontyne Price
movieId: JLG55  actor: Theresa Russel
movieId: JLG55  actor: Carlo Bergonzi
movieId: JLG55  actor: Rachel Yakar
movieId: JLG55  actor: Anna Moffo
movieId: JLG55  actor: Alfredo Kraus
movieId: JLG55  actor: Carol Neblett
movieId: JLG55  actor: Rene Kollo
movieId: JLG55  actor: Jussi Bjoerling
movieId: JLG55  actor: Jennifers Smith
movieId: JLG63  actor: s a
movieId: JLM2  actor: Gene Tierney
movieId: JLM2  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: JLM2  actor: Glenn Langan
movieId: JLM2  actor: Walter Huston
movieId: JLM2  actor: Anne Revere
movieId: JLM2  actor: Spring Byington
movieId: JLM2  actor: Henry Morgan
movieId: JLM2  actor: Jessica Tandy
movieId: JLM3  actor: Rex Harrison
movieId: JLM3  actor: Gene Tierney
movieId: JLM3  actor: Edna Best
movieId: JLM3  actor: George Sanders
movieId: JLM3  actor: Natalie Wood
movieId: JLM3  actor: Vanessa Brown
movieId: JLM3  actor: Anna lee
movieId: JLM3  actor: Robert Coote
movieId: JLM5  actor: Rex Harrison
movieId: JLM5  actor: Peggy Cummins
movieId: JLM5  actor: William Hartnell
movieId: JLM5  actor: Norman Wooland
movieId: JLM5  actor: Jill Esmond
movieId: JLM6  actor: Celest Holm
movieId: JLM6  actor: Jeanne Craine
movieId: JLM6  actor: Ann Sothern
movieId: JLM6  actor: Linda Darnell
movieId: JLM6  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: JLM6  actor: Paul Douglas
movieId: JLM6  actor: Barbara Lawrence
movieId: JLM6  actor: Jeffrey Lynn
movieId: JLM6  actor: Connie Gilchrist
movieId: JLM6  actor: Florence Bates
movieId: JLM6  actor: Hobart Cavanaugh
movieId: JLM8  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: JLM8  actor: Richard Conte
movieId: JLM8  actor: Susan Hayward
movieId: JLM8  actor: Luther Adler
movieId: JLM8  actor: Paul Valentine
movieId: JLM8  actor: Efrem Zimbalist~jr
movieId: JLM8  actor: Debra Paget
movieId: JLM8  actor: Hope Emerson
movieId: JLM8  actor: Esther Minciotti
movieId: JLM8  actor: Diana Douglas
movieId: JLM8  actor: Mushy Callahan
movieId: JLM9  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: JLM9  actor: Anne Baxter
movieId: JLM9  actor: George Sanders
movieId: JLM9  actor: Celeste Holm
movieId: JLM9  actor: Thelma Ritter
movieId: JLM9  actor: Gary Merrill
movieId: JLM9  actor: Hugh Marlowe
movieId: JLM9  actor: Gregory Ratoff
movieId: JLM9  actor: Maryilyn Monroe
movieId: JLM9  actor: Barbara Bates
movieId: JLM9  actor: Walter Hampden
movieId: JLM10  actor: Richard Widmark
movieId: JLM10  actor: Sidney Poitier
movieId: JLM10  actor: Linda Darnell
movieId: JLM10  actor: Ruby Dee
movieId: JLM10  actor: Ossie Davis
movieId: JLM10  actor: Fred Thompson
movieId: JLM11  actor: James Mason
movieId: JLM12  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: JLM12  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: JLM12  actor: Greer Garson
movieId: JLM12  actor: Deborah Kerr
movieId: JLM12  actor: Louis Calhern
movieId: JLM12  actor: Edmond Obrien
movieId: JLM12  actor: George Macready
movieId: JLM12  actor: Michael Pate
movieId: JLM12  actor: John Hoyt
movieId: JLM12  actor: Alan Napier
movieId: JLM13  actor: Ava Gardner
movieId: JLM13  actor: Warren Stevens
movieId: JLM13  actor: Edmund OBrien
movieId: JLM13  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: JLM13  actor: Rossano Brazzi
movieId: JLM13  actor: Marius Goring
movieId: JLM13  actor: Valentina Cortese
movieId: JLM13  actor: Elizabeth Sellars
movieId: JLM13  actor: Franco Interlenghi
movieId: JLM13  actor: Bessie Love
movieId: JLM13  actor: Tonio Selwart
movieId: JLM14  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: JLM14  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: JLM14  actor: Vivian Blaine
movieId: JLM14  actor: Stubby Kaye
movieId: JLM16  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: JLM16  actor: s a
movieId: JLM16  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: JLM16  actor: Montgomery Clift
movieId: JLM16  actor: Albert Dekker
movieId: JLM16  actor: Mercedes McCambridge
movieId: JLM16  actor: Gary Raymond
movieId: JLM17  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: JLM17  actor: Richard Burton
movieId: JLM17  actor: Rex Harrison
movieId: JLM17  actor: Hume Cronyn
movieId: JLM17  actor: Martin Landau
movieId: JLM17  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: JLM17  actor: Pamela Brown
movieId: JLM17  actor: George Cole
movieId: JLM17  actor: Cesare Danova
movieId: JLM17  actor: Robert Stephens
movieId: JLM20  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: JLM20  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: JLM20  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: JLM20  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: JLM20  actor: Margo Channing
movieId: JLo4  actor: David Wayne
movieId: JLo4  actor: Howard daSilva
movieId: JLo4  actor: Steve Brodie
movieId: JLo4  actor: Raymond Burr
movieId: JLo4  actor: Luther Adler
movieId: JLo4  actor: Martin Gabel
movieId: JLo4  actor: Glenn Anders
movieId: JLo4  actor: Karen Morley
movieId: JLo4  actor: Norman Lloyd
movieId: JLo4  actor: Walter Burke
movieId: JLo11  actor: Kirstie Alley
movieId: JLo11  actor: Joseph Bottoms
movieId: JLo17  actor: Monica Vitti
movieId: JLo17  actor: s a
movieId: JLo17  actor: Derk Bogard
movieId: JLo18  actor: Dirk Bogarde
movieId: JLo18  actor: Stanley Baker
movieId: JLo18  actor: Vivian Merchant
movieId: JLo23  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: JLo23  actor: David Warner
movieId: JLo23  actor: Edward Fox
movieId: JLo23  actor: Trevor Howard
movieId: JLo25  actor: Glenda Jackson
movieId: JLo25  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: JLo25  actor: Helmut Berger
movieId: JLo25  actor: Marcus Richardson
movieId: JLo25  actor: Kate nelligan
movieId: JLo25  actor: Rene Koldehoff
movieId: JLo25  actor: Michael Lonsdale
movieId: JLo26  actor: Alain Delon
movieId: JLo26  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: JLo26  actor: Michel Lonsdale
movieId: JLo27  actor: Ruggero Raimondo
movieId: JLo27  actor: Jose vanDam
movieId: JLo27  actor: Teresa Berganza
movieId: JLo27  actor: Kiri TeKanawa
movieId: JLo27  actor: John Macurdy
movieId: JLo27  actor: Edda Moser
movieId: JLo27  actor: Kenneth Riegel
movieId: JLo27  actor: Malcolm King
movieId: JLo27  actor: Eric Adjani
movieId: JLo30  actor: Lee Majors
movieId: JLo30  actor: Jennifer ONeill
movieId: JLo30  actor: Art Carney
movieId: JLo30  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: JLo30  actor: Harris Yulin
movieId: JLo30  actor: Terry Kiser
movieId: JLo30  actor: Richard Lynch
movieId: JLo30  actor: Albert Salmi
movieId: JLp10  actor: Hugh Grant
movieId: JLp10  actor: Judy Davis
movieId: JLp10  actor: Bernadette Peters
movieId: JLp10  actor: Julian Sand
movieId: JLp10  actor: Mandy Patinkin
movieId: JLp10  actor: Emma Thompson
movieId: JLp10  actor: Ralph Brown
movieId: JLp10  actor: George Corraface
movieId: JLp10  actor: Anton Rodgers
movieId: JLp10  actor: Anna Massey
movieId: JLr10  actor: Anulka Morris
movieId: JLr10  actor: Marianne Morris
movieId: JLr10  actor: s a
movieId: JLr10  actor: s a
movieId: JLr10  actor: s a
movieId: JlS10  actor: JeanPierre Marielle
movieId: JLT10  actor: John Mills
movieId: JLT11  actor: sa
movieId: JLT11  actor: Kenneth Moore
movieId: JLT11  actor: sa
movieId: JLT12  actor: Lauren Bacall
movieId: JLT12  actor: Kenneth Moore
movieId: JLT12  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: JLT15  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: JLT15  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: JLT15  actor: David Niven
movieId: JLT15  actor: Irene Papas
movieId: JLT17  actor: Yul Brynner
movieId: JLT17  actor: Tony Curtis
movieId: JLT19  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: JLT19  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: JLT19  actor: Polly Bergen
movieId: JLT19  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: JLT19  actor: Lori Martin
movieId: JLT21  actor: Ingrid Thulin
movieId: JLT21  actor: Maximilian Schell
movieId: JLT21  actor: Samantha Eggar
movieId: JLT21  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: JLT24  actor: David Niven
movieId: JLT24  actor: Topol
movieId: JLT24  actor: Ori Levi
movieId: JLT24  actor: Anna Karina
movieId: JLT24  actor: John Hurt
movieId: JLT24  actor: Anthony Quayle
movieId: JLT27  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: JLT27  actor: Don Murray
movieId: JLT27  actor: Natalie Trundy
movieId: JLT29  actor: Jeff East
movieId: JLT29  actor: Paul Winfield
movieId: JLT29  actor: David Wayne
movieId: JLT29  actor: Harvey Korman
movieId: JLT29  actor: Arthour OConnell
movieId: JLT29  actor: Gary Merrill
movieId: JLT32  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: JLT32  actor: John Houseman
movieId: JLT32  actor: Jacqueline Bisset
movieId: JLT32  actor: Harry Guardino
movieId: JLT32  actor: Maximilian Schell
movieId: JLT34  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: JLT34  actor: Jacqueline Bisset
movieId: JLT34  actor: Raf Vallone
movieId: JLT34  actor: Edward Albert
movieId: JLT34  actor: James Franciscus
movieId: JLT35  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: JLT35  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: JLT35  actor: Dominique Sanda
movieId: JLT35  actor: Camilla Sparv
movieId: JLT35  actor: Gilbert Roland
movieId: JLT36  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: JLT36  actor: Telly Savalas
movieId: JLT36  actor: Omar Sharif
movieId: JLT36  actor: Julie Newmar
movieId: JLT36  actor: Camilla Sparv
movieId: JLT36  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: JLT36  actor: Ted Cassidy
movieId: JLT36  actor: Lee J. Cobb
movieId: JLT36  actor: Raymond Massey
movieId: JLT36  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: JLT36  actor: Anthony Quayle
movieId: JLT36  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: JLT36  actor: Eli Wallach
movieId: JLT39  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: JLT39  actor: J.Lee Thompson
movieId: JLT39  actor: Gene Davis
movieId: JLT39  actor: Lisa Eilbacher
movieId: JLT50  actor: Richard Chamberlain
movieId: JLT50  actor: Sharon Stone
movieId: JLT50  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: JLT50  actor: s a
movieId: JLT50  actor: John RhysDavies
movieId: JLT50  actor: Ken Gampu
movieId: JLT39  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: JLv10  actor: Stephen Dorff
movieId: JLy10  actor: Sherilyn Fenn
movieId: JLy10  actor: Julian Sands
movieId: JLy10  actor: Bill Paxton
movieId: JLz2  actor: Maxime Collin
movieId: JLz2  actor: Yves Montmarquette
movieId: JLz2  actor: Roland Blouin
movieId: JLz2  actor: Julien Guiomar
movieId: JLz2  actor: Ginette Reno
movieId: JLz2  actor: s a
movieId: JLz2  actor: Gilbert Sicotte
movieId: JLz2  actor: Pierre Bourgault
movieId: JMa30  actor: Gustav Froehlich
movieId: JMa30  actor: Betty Amann
movieId: JMa30  actor: Albert Steinr\"uck
movieId: JMa30  actor: Else Heller
movieId: JMa30  actor: Hans Schlettow
movieId: JMa30  actor: Hans Albers
movieId: JMa50  actor: Gloria Swanson
movieId: JMa50  actor: John Bowles
movieId: JMa60  actor: George Sanders
movieId: JMa60  actor: Margaret Lindsay
movieId: JMa60  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: JMa60  actor: Alan Napier
movieId: JMa60  actor: Nan Grey
movieId: JMa60  actor: Cecil Kellaway
movieId: JMa60  actor: Dick Foran
movieId: JMa60  actor: Miles Mander
movieId: JMB3  actor: Richard Gere
movieId: JMB3  actor: Valerie Kaprisky
movieId: JMB3  actor: Art Metrano
movieId: JMB3  actor: William Tepper
movieId: JMB3  actor: John P.Ryan
movieId: JMB3  actor: Robert Dunn
movieId: JMB3  actor: JeanPierre Melville
movieId: JMB4  actor: Dennis Quaid
movieId: JMB4  actor: Ellen Barkin
movieId: JMB5  actor: Dennis Quaid
movieId: JMB5  actor: Winona Ryder
movieId: JMB5  actor: Alec Baldwin
movieId: JMB5  actor: Trey Wilson
movieId: JMB5  actor: John Doe
movieId: JMB5  actor: Peter Cook
movieId: JMB5  actor: Joe Bob Briggs
movieId: JMB5  actor: Lisa Blount
movieId: JMB5  actor: Steve Allen
movieId: JMB7  actor: Rosanna Arquette
movieId: JMB7  actor: Kevin Anderson
movieId: JMB7  actor: John Lithgow
movieId: JMB7  actor: Jorge Cevera~jr,
movieId: JMB7  actor: Ernesto LaGuardia
movieId: JmC10  actor: Benjamin Smoke
movieId: JmC10  actor: Pattie Smith
movieId: JMd10  actor: Luis Gnecco
movieId: JMd10  actor: Luz Croxatto
movieId: JMd10  actor: Francisco Reyes
movieId: JMe1  actor: Dick Bangham
movieId: JMe1  actor: Joe Lee
movieId: JMe1  actor: Steven Lorber
movieId: JMe1  actor: Gloria Mejia
movieId: JMe1  actor: Breon
movieId: JmF10  actor: Aidan Quinn
movieId: JmF10  actor: Daryl Hannah
movieId: JmF10  actor: Kenneth McMillan
movieId: JmF10  actor: Cliff DeYoung
movieId: JmF20  actor: Ed Harris
movieId: JmF20  actor: Alan Arkin
movieId: JmF20  actor: Al Pacino
movieId: JmF20  actor: Kevin Spacy
movieId: JmF20  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: JmF20  actor: Alec Baldwin
movieId: JmF25  actor: Marky Mark
movieId: JmF25  actor: Mark Wahlberg
movieId: JMG4  actor: Shirley MacLaine
movieId: JMG4  actor: Richard Attenborough
movieId: JMG4  actor: James Booth
movieId: JMG10  actor: Dudley Moore
movieId: JMG10  actor: Suzy Kendall
movieId: JMG10  actor: Eddie Foy~jr.
movieId: JMl1  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: JMl1  actor: Martin Sheen
movieId: JMl1  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: JMl1  actor: Stacy Keach
movieId: JMn1  actor: Pruitt Taylor Vince
movieId: JMn1  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: JMn1  actor: Liv Tyler
movieId: JMn1  actor: Evan Danbo
movieId: JMn1  actor: Deborah Harry
movieId: JMn2  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: JMn2  actor: Annabella Sciorra
movieId: JMn2  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: JMn2  actor: Ray Liotta
movieId: JMn2  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: JMn2  actor: Michael Rapaport
movieId: JMn2  actor: Cathy Moriarty
movieId: JMn2  actor: Janeane Garofalo
movieId: JMn5  actor: Winona Ryder
movieId: JMn5  actor: Winona Ryder
movieId: JMn5  actor: Angelina Jolie
movieId: JMP10  actor: Robin Strasser
movieId: JMP10  actor: Arthur Roberts
movieId: JMP10  actor: s a
movieId: JMP10  actor: John Beal
movieId: JMr10  actor: Matthew Lillard
movieId: JMr10  actor: Michael Gorjian
movieId: JMr10  actor: Jason Segel
movieId: JMS1  actor: Steven Keats
movieId: JMS1  actor: Carol Kane
movieId: JMS1  actor: Mel Howard
movieId: JMS1  actor: Paul Freedman
movieId: JMS1  actor: Dorrie Kavanaugh
movieId: JMS1  actor: Zvee Scooler
movieId: JMS1  actor: Leib Lensky
movieId: JMS1  actor: Doris Roberts
movieId: JMS2  actor: John Heard
movieId: JMS2  actor: Lindsay Crouse
movieId: JMS2  actor: Jeff Goldblum
movieId: JMS2  actor: Jill Eikenberry
movieId: JMS2  actor: Stephen Collins
movieId: JMS2  actor: Marilu Henner
movieId: JMS2  actor: Bruno Kirby
movieId: JMS2  actor: Gwen Welles
movieId: JMS7  actor: Amy Irving
movieId: JMS7  actor: Peter Rigert
movieId: JMS7  actor: s a
movieId: JMS7  actor: Reizel Bozyk
movieId: JMS9  actor: Patrick Dempsey
movieId: JMS9  actor: Kate Jackson
movieId: JMS9  actor: Robert Ginty
movieId: JMS9  actor: Nancy Valen
movieId: JMS9  actor: Barbara Carrera
movieId: JMS9  actor: Bernie Coulson
movieId: JMS9  actor: Ray Girardin
movieId: JMS9  actor: Robert Camilletti
movieId: JMS9  actor: Vic Tayback
movieId: JMS9  actor: Kim Miyori
movieId: JMS9  actor: Kirsty Alley
movieId: JMS9  actor: Robert Picardo
movieId: JMS9  actor: Carrie Fisher
movieId: JMS9  actor: Peter Koch
movieId: JMS9  actor: E.G. Daley
movieId: JMu3  actor: Viviane Romance
movieId: JMu3  actor: JeanLouis Barrault
movieId: JMu3  actor: Alla Donnell
movieId: JMu3  actor: Mady Berry
movieId: JMu3  actor: Genevieve Sorya
movieId: JMu3  actor: Pierre Fresnay
movieId: JMw10  actor: Kurt Russell
movieId: JMw10  actor: Kathleen Quinlan
movieId: JMw10  actor: J.T. Walsh
movieId: JN2  actor: Brenda Marshall
movieId: JN2  actor: David Bruce
movieId: JN2  actor: Virginia Field
movieId: JN2  actor: Jerome Cowan
movieId: JN2  actor: Rose Hobart
movieId: JN2  actor: Heather Angel
movieId: JN3  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: JN3  actor: Sidney Greenstreet
movieId: JN3  actor: Zachary Scott
movieId: JN3  actor: Faye Emerson
movieId: JN3  actor: Victor Francen
movieId: JN3  actor: Steven Geray
movieId: JN3  actor: Florence Bates
movieId: JN3  actor: Eduardo Cianelli
movieId: JN3  actor: Kurt Katch
movieId: JN3  actor: John Abbott
movieId: JN3  actor: Monte Blue
movieId: JN7  actor: John Garfield
movieId: JN7  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: JN9  actor: Ida Lupino
movieId: JN9  actor: Cornel Wilde
movieId: JN9  actor: Richard Widmark
movieId: JN9  actor: John Doe
movieId: JN10  actor: Jane Wyman
movieId: JN10  actor: Lew Ayres
movieId: JN10  actor: Charles Bickford
movieId: JN10  actor: Agnes Moorehead
movieId: JN10  actor: Stephen McNally
movieId: JN10  actor: Jan Sterling
movieId: JN10  actor: Mabel Paige
movieId: JN12  actor: Irene Dunne
movieId: JN12  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: JN12  actor: Finlay Currie
movieId: JN12  actor: Andrew Ray
movieId: JN12  actor: Anthony Steel
movieId: JN12  actor: Constance Smith
movieId: JN12  actor: Edward Rigby
movieId: JN13  actor: Claudette Colbert
movieId: JN15  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: JN15  actor: Gary Merrill
movieId: JN15  actor: Michael Rennie
movieId: JN15  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: JN15  actor: Evelyn Varden
movieId: JN15  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: JN16  actor: Jeffrey Hunter
movieId: JN16  actor: Jean Peters
movieId: JN16  actor: Walter Brennan
movieId: JN16  actor: Constance Smith
movieId: JN16  actor: Jack Elam
movieId: JN19  actor: Clifton Webb
movieId: JN19  actor: s a
movieId: JN19  actor: Barbara Stanwyk
movieId: JN19  actor: Robert Wagner
movieId: JN19  actor: Audrey Dalton
movieId: JN19  actor: Thelma Ritter
movieId: JN19  actor: Brian Aherne
movieId: JN19  actor: Richard Basehart
movieId: JN19  actor: Allyn Joslyn
movieId: JN19  actor: s a
movieId: JN20  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: JN20  actor: Lauren Bacall
movieId: JN20  actor: Betty Grable
movieId: JN20  actor: William Powell
movieId: JN20  actor: Cameron Mitchell
movieId: JN20  actor: David Wayne
movieId: JN20  actor: Rory Calhoun
movieId: JN20  actor: Alex dArcy
movieId: JN20  actor: Fred Clark
movieId: JN21  actor: Clifton Webb
movieId: JN21  actor: Dorothy McGuire
movieId: JN21  actor: Louis Jourdan
movieId: JN21  actor: Jean Peters
movieId: JN21  actor: Rossano Brazzi
movieId: JN21  actor: Maggie McNamara
movieId: JN21  actor: Howard StJohn
movieId: JN21  actor: Kathryn Givney
movieId: JN21  actor: Catheleen Nesbitt
movieId: JN23  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: JN23  actor: Leslie Caron
movieId: JN23  actor: Fred Clark
movieId: JN23  actor: Thelma Ritter
movieId: JN23  actor: Terry Moore
movieId: JN23  actor: Charlotte Austin
movieId: JN23  actor: Larry Keating
movieId: JN23  actor: Ray Anthony
movieId: JN25  actor: Lana Turner
movieId: JN25  actor: Fred MacMurray
movieId: JN25  actor: Richard Burton
movieId: JN25  actor: Joan Caulfield
movieId: JN25  actor: Eugene Leontovich
movieId: JN25  actor: Michael Renne
movieId: JN31  actor: AnnMargret
movieId: JN31  actor: Tony Franciosa
movieId: JN31  actor: Carol Lynley
movieId: JN31  actor: Gene Tierney
movieId: JN31  actor: Brian Keith
movieId: JN31  actor: Gardner McKay
movieId: JN31  actor: Isobel Elsom
movieId: JnC1  actor: Lu Lu
movieId: JnC1  actor: George Segal
movieId: JnC1  actor: Lopsang
movieId: JnD6  actor: Jean Marais
movieId: JnD6  actor: Madelaine Sologne
movieId: JnD6  actor: Yvonne deBray
movieId: JnD6  actor: Pi\'eral
movieId: JnD10  actor: Pierre Blanchar
movieId: JnD10  actor: Michele Morgan
movieId: JnD10  actor: s a
movieId: JnD11  actor: Micheline Presle
movieId: JnD11  actor: Marcel Pagliero
movieId: JnD11  actor: Marguerite Moreno
movieId: JnD11  actor: Charles Dullin
movieId: JnD28  actor: Michele Morgan
movieId: JnD31  actor: Michele Morgan
movieId: JnD36  actor: Jean Gabin
movieId: JnD36  actor: Annie Giradot
movieId: JnD36  actor: Jean Desailly
movieId: JnD36  actor: Oliver Hussenot
movieId: JnD36  actor: Alfred Adam
movieId: JnD36  actor: Lino Ventura
movieId: JnD39  actor: Gina Lollobridgida
movieId: JnD39  actor: Stephen Boyd
movieId: JnD39  actor: Massima Girotti
movieId: JnD39  actor: Raymond Pellegrin
movieId: JnD39  actor: Mucheline Presle
movieId: JnD39  actor: Barbara Steele
movieId: JnD39  actor: Peter Baldwin
movieId: JnD39  actor: Riccardo Freda
movieId: JNi1  actor: William Tepper
movieId: JNi1  actor: Michael Warren
movieId: JNi1  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: JNi1  actor: Robert Towne
movieId: JNi1  actor: Karen Black
movieId: JNi1  actor: Michael Margotta
movieId: JNi10  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: JNi10  actor: Mary Steenburgen
movieId: JNi10  actor: Veronica Cartwright
movieId: JNi10  actor: John Belushi
movieId: JNi10  actor: Christopher Lloyd
movieId: JNi10  actor: Richard Bradford
movieId: JNi10  actor: Luana Anders
movieId: JNi10  actor: Danny deVito
movieId: JNi10  actor: Ed Begley~jr.
movieId: JNi20  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: JNi20  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: JNi20  actor: Meg Tilly
movieId: JNi20  actor: Madelaine Stowe
movieId: JNi20  actor: Eli Wallach
movieId: JNi20  actor: Ruben Blades
movieId: JNi20  actor: Frederic Forrest
movieId: JNi20  actor: David Keith
movieId: JNi20  actor: Richard Farrington
movieId: JnL10  actor: Eric Idle
movieId: JnL10  actor: Robbie Coltrane
movieId: JnL10  actor: Janet Suzman
movieId: JnL10  actor: Camille Codura
movieId: JnL10  actor: Doris Hare
movieId: JnL10  actor: Lila Kate
movieId: JnL10  actor: Robert Patterson
movieId: JnL10  actor: Winton Dennis
movieId: JnL10  actor: Robert Morgan
movieId: JnL10  actor: Tom Hickey
movieId: JnL10  actor: Colin Campbell
movieId: JnL10  actor: Nicholas Heweteson
movieId: JnL10  actor: Gary Tang
movieId: JnL10  actor: David Forman
movieId: JnL10  actor: Nigel Fan
movieId: JnL10  actor: Ozzie Tue
movieId: JnL12  actor: Joe Pesci
movieId: JnL12  actor: Ralph Maccio
movieId: JnL12  actor: Mitchell Whitfield
movieId: JnL12  actor: Marisa Tomei
movieId: JnL12  actor: Fred Gwynne
movieId: JnL12  actor: Austin Pendleton
movieId: JnL12  actor: Bruce McGill
movieId: JnL12  actor: Lane Smith
movieId: JnL12  actor: Austin Pendleton
movieId: JnL13  actor: Eddie Murphy
movieId: JnL13  actor: Lane Smith
movieId: JnL13  actor: Sheryl Lee Ralph
movieId: JnL13  actor: Joe Don Baker
movieId: JnL13  actor: s a
movieId: JnL13  actor: s a
movieId: JnL13  actor: James Garner
movieId: JnL15  actor: Michael J. Fox
movieId: JnL15  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: JnL15  actor: Nancy Travis
movieId: JnL15  actor: Olivia dAbo
movieId: JnL15  actor: Phil Hartman
movieId: JnL15  actor: Ed Begley~jr.
movieId: JnL15  actor: Colleen Camp
movieId: JnL18  actor: Michael Richards
movieId: JnL18  actor: Jeff Daniels
movieId: JnL18  actor: Charlize Theron
movieId: JnL18  actor: Jessica Steen
movieId: JnL18  actor: Alexandra Wentworth
movieId: JnL18  actor: Rip Torn
movieId: JnL18  actor: Jessica C.
movieId: JnL18  actor: Austin Pendleton
movieId: JNm25  actor: Jeanne Crain
movieId: JNm25  actor: Michael Rennie
movieId: JNm25  actor: Carl Betz
movieId: JNm25  actor: Casey Adams
movieId: JNm25  actor: Mary Anderson
movieId: JNm25  actor: Willis Bouchy
movieId: JNm25  actor: s a
movieId: JNm25  actor: s a
movieId: JNm30  actor: Jeff Morrow
movieId: JNm30  actor: Faith Domergue
movieId: JNm30  actor: Rex Reason
movieId: JNm30  actor: Lance Fuller
movieId: JNm40  actor: Denny Miller
movieId: JNm40  actor: Joanna Barnes
movieId: JNm40  actor: Cesare Danova
movieId: JNm40  actor: Robert Douglas
movieId: JNm60  actor: Gene Barry
movieId: JNm60  actor: s a
movieId: JNm61  actor: Peter Brown
movieId: JNm61  actor: Victor Jory
movieId: JNm61  actor: sa
movieId: JNm61  actor: Lawrence Tierney
movieId: JNm61  actor: sa
movieId: JNm61  actor: 
sa
movieId: JNm61  actor: sa
movieId: JNm61  actor: sa
movieId: JNm62  actor: Dan Duryea
movieId: JNm62  actor: Terese Wright
movieId: JNm63  actor: Joan Hackett
movieId: JNm63  actor: Kevin McCarthy
movieId: JNm64  actor: Roddy McDowell
movieId: JNm64  actor: Diane Sayer
movieId: JNm64  actor: Ruth McDevitt
movieId: JNm65  actor: Lillian Gish
movieId: JNm65  actor: Maggie McNamara
movieId: JNm65  actor: Peter Lind Hayes
movieId: JNm65  actor: Patricia Cutts
movieId: JNm66  actor: Patricia Medina
movieId: JNm66  actor: Roddy mcDowell
movieId: JNm66  actor: Efrem Zimbalist~jr
movieId: JNm67  actor: Lola albright
movieId: JNm67  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: JNm67  actor: Barry Nelson
movieId: JNm68  actor: John Kerr
movieId: JNm68  actor: Dana Wynter
movieId: JNm68  actor: T.C. Jones
movieId: JNm68  actor: Louise latham
movieId: JNm69  actor: June Lockhart
movieId: JNm69  actor: John Anderson
movieId: JnCN10  actor: Winona Ryder
movieId: JnCN10  actor: Richard Gere
movieId: JnCN10  actor: Elaine Stritch
movieId: JnCN10  actor: Anthony LaPaglia
movieId: JnCN10  actor: Vera Farmiga
movieId: JnCN10  actor: sa
movieId: JnCN10  actor: sa
movieId: JnN10  actor: Linda Hunt
movieId: JnN10  actor: Kath Soucie
movieId: JNo10  actor: Lisa Harrow
movieId: JNo10  actor: Larry Pine
movieId: JNo10  actor: s a
movieId: JNs100  actor: Lorne Greene
movieId: JNs100  actor: John Qualen
movieId: JNs100  actor: Madge Kennedy
movieId: JNs100  actor: Ruth Swanson
movieId: JNs100  actor: John Harmon
movieId: JNs100  actor: Malcolm Atterbury
movieId: JNs100  actor: Paley Baer
movieId: JNs100  actor: Paul Brinegan
movieId: JNs101  actor: Robert H. Harris
movieId: JNs101  actor: Louise Larrabee
movieId: JNs101  actor: Meg Mundy
movieId: JNs101  actor: Gage Clark
movieId: JNs101  actor: Michael Ansara
movieId: JNs101  actor: Helen Spring
movieId: JNs102  actor: Leora Dana
movieId: JNs102  actor: Alan Hewitt
movieId: JNs102  actor: Ralph Clanton
movieId: JNs102  actor: Jaques Bergerac
movieId: JNs103  actor: Robert Middleton
movieId: JNs103  actor: Robert Horton
movieId: JNs104  actor: Cedric Hardwicke
movieId: JNs104  actor: Evelyn Rude
movieId: JNs104  actor: Hugh Marlowe
movieId: JNs104  actor: Robert Culp
movieId: JNs104  actor: Rebecca West
movieId: JNs104  actor: Edith Barrett
movieId: JNs105  actor: E.G. Marsall
movieId: JNs106  actor: Oscor Homolka
movieId: JNs106  actor: Jo VanFleet
movieId: JNs106  actor: Claude Atkins
movieId: JNs107  actor: George Willis
movieId: JNs107  actor: Robert Flemyng
movieId: JNs108  actor: Alec Nicol
movieId: JNs108  actor: Don Keefer
movieId: JNs108  actor: Nita Talbot
movieId: JNs108  actor: Carmen Mathews
movieId: JNs109  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: JNs109  actor: Norma Crane
movieId: JNs109  actor: Leif Erickson
movieId: JNs110  actor: Jane Greer
movieId: JNs110  actor: Rory Calhoun
movieId: JNs111  actor: Dennis Morgan
movieId: JNs111  actor: Estelle Winwood
movieId: JNs111  actor: Ellen Corby
movieId: JNs111  actor: Ida Moore
movieId: JNs111  actor: Elizabeth Patterson
movieId: JNs111  actor: Joseph Dowling
movieId: JNs111  actor: Paul Maxwell
movieId: JNs111  actor: P. Harris
movieId: JNs111  actor: Ellen Corby
movieId: JNs111  actor: Ida Moore
movieId: JNs112  actor: Robert H. Harris
movieId: JNs112  actor: Jerry Paris
movieId: JNs112  actor: Philip Pine
movieId: JNs112  actor: Wendell Holmes
movieId: JNs112  actor: Warrick Hogan
movieId: JNs112  actor: Joanne Linoche
movieId: JNs112  actor: s a
movieId: JNs210  actor: Hayley Mills
movieId: JNs210  actor: Burl Ives
movieId: JNs210  actor: Dorothy McGuire
movieId: JNs210  actor: Darren McGavin
movieId: JNs210  actor: Deborah Walley
movieId: JNs210  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: JNs210  actor: Eddie Hodges
movieId: JNs210  actor: Michael J. Pollard
movieId: JnT10  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: JnT10  actor: Barbra Streisand
movieId: JnT10  actor: Diane Ladd
movieId: JnT10  actor: Dennis Quaid
movieId: JoA10  actor: Keuanu Reeves
movieId: JoA10  actor: Barbara Hershey
movieId: JoA10  actor: Peter Falk
movieId: JoA10  actor: Peter gallagher
movieId: JoA10  actor: Elizabeth McGovern
movieId: JoA10  actor: John Laroquette
movieId: JoA10  actor: Richard B. Shull
movieId: JoA10  actor: Henry Gibson
movieId: JoA10  actor: San Hedaya
movieId: JoA10  actor: Buck Henry
movieId: JoA10  actor: Hope Lange
movieId: JoA10  actor: Irving Metzman
movieId: JoA10  actor: Wynton Marsalis
movieId: JoA10  actor: Shirly Horn
movieId: JoA13  actor: Richard Gere
movieId: JoA13  actor: Jodie Foster
movieId: JoA13  actor: Bill Pullman
movieId: JoA13  actor: William Windom
movieId: JoA13  actor: James Earl Jones
movieId: JoA13  actor: Billy Hopkins
movieId: JoA19  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: JoA19  actor: Catherine ZetaJones
movieId: JoA19  actor: Will Patton
movieId: JoA19  actor: Ving Rhames
movieId: JoA19  actor: Maury Chaykin
movieId: JoB10  actor: Anica Dobra
movieId: JoB10  actor: Karl Tessler
movieId: JoB10  actor: Josef Bierbichler
movieId: JOC10  actor: Richard Carlson
movieId: JOC10  actor: Laurence Naismith
movieId: JOC10  actor: James Franciscus
movieId: JOC10  actor: Gila Golan
movieId: JOC10  actor: Freda Jackson
movieId: JoD5  actor: Candice Rialson
movieId: JoD5  actor: Mary Woronov
movieId: JoD5  actor: Dick Miller
movieId: JoD5  actor: Judd Holgren
movieId: JoD5  actor: Rita George
movieId: JoD5  actor: Jeffrey Kramer
movieId: JoD5  actor: Paul Bartel
movieId: JoD5  actor: s a
movieId: JoD5  actor: Forrest J. Ackerman
movieId: JoD5  actor: Dee Wallace
movieId: JoD9  actor: Bradford Dillman
movieId: JoD9  actor: Kevin McCarthy
movieId: JoD9  actor: Barbara Steele
movieId: JoD9  actor: Heather Menzies
movieId: JoD9  actor: Kennan Wynn
movieId: JoD9  actor: Dick Miller
movieId: JoD9  actor: Briuce Gordon
movieId: JoD9  actor: Richard Deacon
movieId: JoD9  actor: Paul Bartel
movieId: JoD11  actor: Patrick MacNee
movieId: JoD11  actor: Christopher Stone
movieId: JoD11  actor: Dennis Dugan
movieId: JoD11  actor: John Carradine
movieId: JoD11  actor: Slim Pickens
movieId: JoD11  actor: Kevin McCarthy
movieId: JoD11  actor: Elisabeth Brooks
movieId: JoD14  actor: Zach Galligan
movieId: JoD14  actor: Phoebe Cates
movieId: JoD14  actor: Hoyt Ashton
movieId: JoD14  actor: Polly Holliday
movieId: JoD14  actor: Keye Luke
movieId: JoD14  actor: Scott Brady
movieId: JoD14  actor: Corey Feldman
movieId: JoD20  actor: Dennis Quaid
movieId: JoD20  actor: Martin Short
movieId: JoD20  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: JoD20  actor: Kevin McCarthy
movieId: JoD20  actor: Fiona Lewis
movieId: JoD20  actor: Vernon Wells
movieId: JoD20  actor: Robert Picardo
movieId: JoD26  actor: Tom Hanks
movieId: JoD26  actor: Carrie Fisher
movieId: JoD26  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: JoD26  actor: Rick Ducommun
movieId: JoD30  actor: Zach Galligan
movieId: JoD30  actor: John Glover
movieId: JoD30  actor: Phoebe Cates
movieId: JoD30  actor: Robert Prosky
movieId: JoD30  actor: Leonard Maltin
movieId: JoD30  actor: Robert Picard
movieId: JoD30  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: JoD30  actor: Geddy Watanabe
movieId: JoD34  actor: John Goodman
movieId: JoD34  actor: Cathy Moriarty
movieId: JoD34  actor: Simon Fenton
movieId: JoD34  actor: s a
movieId: JoD34  actor: Kellie Martin
movieId: JoD34  actor: William Schallert
movieId: JoD34  actor: Omri Katz
movieId: JoD34  actor: Lisa Jakub
movieId: JoF1  actor: Adam HannByrd
movieId: JoF1  actor: Jodie Foster
movieId: JoF1  actor: Dianne Wiest
movieId: JoF1  actor: David Pierce
movieId: JoF1  actor: P.J. Oclan
movieId: JoF1  actor: Harry Connick~jr.
movieId: JoF5  actor: Holly Hunter
movieId: JoF5  actor: Anne Bancroft
movieId: JoF5  actor: Elaine Danon
movieId: JoF5  actor: Stevenson
movieId: JoF5  actor: John Gutenberg
movieId: JoF5  actor: Robert Downey~jr.
movieId: JoF5  actor: sa
movieId: JoG1  actor: Roger Moore
movieId: JoG1  actor: Carole Bouquet
movieId: JoG1  actor: Lynn-Holly Johnson
movieId: JoG1  actor: Topol
movieId: JoG1  actor: Cassandra Harris
movieId: JoG1  actor: Janet Brown
movieId: JoG1  actor: Lois Maxwell
movieId: JoG1  actor: Desmond Llewellyn
movieId: JoG1  actor: Caroline `Tula' Cossey
movieId: JoG2  actor: Roger Moore
movieId: JoG2  actor: Louis Jourdan
movieId: JoG2  actor: Maud Adams
movieId: JoG2  actor: Lois Maxwell
movieId: JoG2  actor: Desmond Llewellyn
movieId: JoG2  actor: Kristina Wayborn
movieId: JoG2  actor: Kabir Bedi
movieId: JoG2  actor: Steven Berkoff
movieId: JoL2  actor: William Holden
movieId: JoL2  actor: Cliff Roberson
movieId: JoL2  actor: Kim Novak
movieId: JoL2  actor: Rosalind Russell
movieId: JoL2  actor: Susan Strasberg
movieId: JoL2  actor: Arthur OConnell
movieId: JoL2  actor: Cliff Robertson
movieId: JoL2  actor: Betty Field
movieId: JoL2  actor: Verna Felton
movieId: JoL2  actor: Reta Shaw
movieId: JoL3  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: JoL3  actor: Don Murray
movieId: JoL3  actor: Betty Field
movieId: JoL3  actor: Arthur OConnell
movieId: JoL3  actor: Eileen Heckart
movieId: JoL3  actor: Robert Bray
movieId: JoL3  actor: Hope Lange
movieId: JoL3  actor: Hans Conried
movieId: JoL3  actor: Casey Adams
movieId: JoL4  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: JoL4  actor: Miyoshi Umeki
movieId: JoL4  actor: James Garner
movieId: JoL4  actor: Red Buttons
movieId: JoL4  actor: Ricardo Montalban
movieId: JoL4  actor: Miiko Taka
movieId: JoL4  actor: Patricia Owens
movieId: JoL4  actor: Kent Smith
movieId: JoL4  actor: Martha Scott
movieId: JoL8  actor: Robert Walker~jr.
movieId: JoL8  actor: Burl Ives
movieId: JoL8  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: JoL8  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: JoL8  actor: Larry Hagman
movieId: JoL8  actor: Tommy Sands
movieId: JoL8  actor: Kay Medford
movieId: JoL9  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: JoL9  actor: Vanessa Redgrave
movieId: JoL9  actor: Franco Nero
movieId: JoL9  actor: David Hemmings
movieId: JoL9  actor: Laurence Naismith
movieId: JoM10  actor: Hugo Weaving
movieId: JoM10  actor: Genevieve Picot
movieId: JoM10  actor: Russell Crowe
movieId: JoM10  actor: Heather Mitchell
movieId: JoM10  actor: Jeffrey Walker
movieId: JoM10  actor: Fran Gallacher
movieId: JoM10  actor: Frankie J. Holden
movieId: JoM10  actor: Daniel Pollock
movieId: JoM10  actor: Saskia post
movieId: JoM10  actor: Cliff Ellen
movieId: JoM15  actor: Jessica Lange
movieId: JoM15  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: JoM15  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: JoM15  actor: Jennifer Jason Leigh
movieId: JoM15  actor: Colin Firth
movieId: JoM15  actor: Pat Hingle
movieId: JoM15  actor: Keith Carradine
movieId: JoM15  actor: Ken Anderson
movieId: JoM15  actor: Roy Baker
movieId: JoO10  actor: Richard Dreyfuss
movieId: JoO10  actor: Amy Irving
movieId: JoO10  actor: Sam Wanamaker
movieId: JoO10  actor: Lee Remick
movieId: JoP2  actor: Alexis Smith
movieId: JoP2  actor: Scott Brady
movieId: JoP2  actor: Richard Egan
movieId: JoP2  actor: Gladys George
movieId: JoP2  actor: Edmon Ryan
movieId: JoP2  actor: Gerlad Mohr
movieId: JoP2  actor: Royal Dano
movieId: JoP20  actor: Jane Russell
movieId: JoP20  actor: Jeff Chandler
movieId: JoP20  actor: Frieda Inescort
movieId: JoP20  actor: Dan Duryea
movieId: JoP25  actor: Jimmy Cagney
movieId: JoP25  actor: Dorothy Malone
movieId: JoP25  actor: Robert Evans
movieId: JoP25  actor: Roger Smith
movieId: JoP25  actor: Marjorie Rambeau
movieId: JoP25  actor: Jane Greer
movieId: JoP25  actor: Jim Backus
movieId: JoP28  actor: Debbie Reynolds
movieId: JoP28  actor: Leslie Nielsen
movieId: JoP28  actor: Walter Brennan
movieId: JoP28  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: JoP28  actor: Mala Powers
movieId: JoP28  actor: Fay Wray
movieId: JoP28  actor: Mildred Natwick
movieId: JoP40  actor: Peter Falk
movieId: JoP40  actor: Patricia Collinge
movieId: JoP40  actor: Dina Merrill
movieId: JoP41  actor: George Segal
movieId: JoP41  actor: Anne baxter
movieId: JoP41  actor: Harry Townes
movieId: JoP42  actor: Richard Basehart
movieId: JoP42  actor: Polfich
movieId: JoP42  actor: s a
movieId: JoP42  actor: s a
movieId: JoP42  actor: Jean Hake
movieId: JoP42  actor: s a
movieId: JoP42  actor: s a
movieId: JoP42  actor: Selmer Jackson
movieId: JoP43  actor: James Caan
movieId: JoP43  actor: Walter Koenig
movieId: JoP43  actor: Lynn Loring
movieId: JoP44  actor: Jeremy Slate
movieId: JoP44  actor: Kathryn Hayes
movieId: JoP44  actor: Lilia Skala
movieId: JoP44  actor: Olive Deering
movieId: JoP50  actor: Jane Lang Bauer
movieId: JoP50  actor: s a
movieId: JoP50  actor: s a
movieId: JoP50  actor: s a
movieId: JoP50  actor: Susie Ceolho
movieId: JoP50  actor: Peter Lawford
movieId: JoQ10  actor: Vivien Leigh
movieId: JoQ10  actor: Warren Beatty
movieId: JoQ10  actor: Lotte Lenya
movieId: JoQ10  actor: Jeremy Spenser
movieId: JoQ10  actor: Coral Browne
movieId: JoQ10  actor: Ernest Thesiger
movieId: JoR31  actor: Catherine ZetaJones a
movieId: JoR31  actor: John Cusack
movieId: JoR31  actor: Billy Crystal
movieId: JoR31  actor: Julia Roberts
movieId: JoR31  actor: Stanley Tucci
movieId: JoR31  actor: Hank Azaria
movieId: JoR31  actor: Seth Green
movieId: JoR31  actor: Scott Zeller
movieId: JoR31  actor: Larry King
movieId: JoS1  actor: Lily Tomlin
movieId: JoS1  actor: Charles Grodin
movieId: JoS1  actor: Ned Beatty
movieId: JoS1  actor: Rick Barker
movieId: JoS5  actor: Gary Busey
movieId: JoS5  actor: Mr.~T.
movieId: JoS5  actor: Adam Baldwin
movieId: JoS5  actor: Charlie Barnett
movieId: JoS5  actor: Irene Cara
movieId: JoS5  actor: Anne DeSalvo
movieId: JoS5  actor: Max Gail
movieId: JoS5  actor: Gloria Gifford
movieId: JoS5  actor: Jose Perez
movieId: JoS5  actor: Whitman Mayo
movieId: JoS10  actor: Isabella Rossellini
movieId: JoS10  actor: William Petersen
movieId: JoS10  actor: Ted Danson
movieId: JoS10  actor: Sean Young
movieId: JoS10  actor: Norma Aleandro
movieId: JoS10  actor: George Coe
movieId: JoS10  actor: Keith Coogan
movieId: JoS10  actor: Lloyd Bridges
movieId: JoS12  actor: Kiefer Sutherland
movieId: JoS12  actor: Julie Roberts
movieId: JoS12  actor: Kevin Bacon
movieId: JoS12  actor: William Baldwin
movieId: JoS12  actor: Oliver Platt
movieId: JoS12  actor: Joshua Rodoy
movieId: JoS12  actor: Elinor OConnel
movieId: JoS12  actor: Benjamin Mouton
movieId: JoS12  actor: Kimberly Scoll
movieId: JoS12  actor: Aerik Egan
movieId: JoS12  actor: Kesha Reed
movieId: JoS12  actor: Sanna Vraa
movieId: JoS12  actor: Deborah Thompson
movieId: JoS12  actor: Nicole Niblack
movieId: JoS12  actor: Ilona Margolis
movieId: JoS12  actor: Angela Paton
movieId: JoS12  actor: Natsumo Ohamo
movieId: JoS13  actor: Julia Roberts
movieId: JoS13  actor: Campbell Scott
movieId: JoS13  actor: Vincent DOnofrio
movieId: JoS13  actor: Colleen Dewhurst
movieId: JoS15  actor: Tommy Lee Jones
movieId: JoS15  actor: Brad Renfro
movieId: JoS15  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: JoS16  actor: Michael Douglas
movieId: JoS16  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: JoS16  actor: Barbara Hershey
movieId: JoS16  actor: Frederic Forrest
movieId: JoS18  actor: Val Kilmer
movieId: JoS18  actor: Tommy Lee Jones
movieId: JoS20  actor: Arnold Schwarzenegger
movieId: JoS20  actor: Chris ODonnell
movieId: JoS20  actor: George Clooney
movieId: JoS20  actor: Alicia Silverstone
movieId: JoS20  actor: Uma Thurman
movieId: JoS20  actor: Michael Gough
movieId: JoS20  actor: Ellen McPherson
movieId: JOx10  actor: Jan Oxenberg
movieId: JOx10  actor: Mae Joffe
movieId: JPa7  actor: Oliver Hardy
movieId: JPa7  actor: Stan Laurel
movieId: JPa8  actor: Oliver Hardy
movieId: JPa8  actor: Stan Laurel
movieId: JPa8  actor: Anita Garvin
movieId: JPa10  actor: Oliver Hardy
movieId: JPa10  actor: Stan Laurel
movieId: JPa10  actor: Blanche Payson
movieId: JPa12  actor: Oliver Hardy
movieId: JPa12  actor: Stan Laurel
movieId: JPa12  actor: Billy Gilbert
movieId: JPa14  actor: Oliver Hardy
movieId: JPa14  actor: Stan Laurel
movieId: JPa14  actor: Billy Gilbert
movieId: JPd10  actor: Man\`e Garrincha
movieId: JPe10  actor: Giovanni Ribisi
movieId: JPe10  actor: Natasha Gregson Wagner
movieId: JPH1  actor: Dorothy Lamour
movieId: JPH1  actor: Lew Ayres
movieId: JPH1  actor: Gilbert Roland
movieId: JPH1  actor: Karen Morley
movieId: JPH1  actor: Lionel Atwill
movieId: JPH1  actor: Helen Mack
movieId: JPH1  actor: Robert Cummins
movieId: JPH1  actor: Olympe Bradna
movieId: JPH1  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: JPH1  actor: Lee Bowman
movieId: JPH1  actor: George Lloyd
movieId: JPH2  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: JPH2  actor: Frances Farner
movieId: JPH2  actor: Oscar Homolka
movieId: JPH2  actor: Barry Fitzgerald
movieId: JPH2  actor: Lloyd Nolan
movieId: JPH2  actor: Lina Basquette
movieId: JPH10  actor: Martha Ray
movieId: JPH10  actor: Charles Ruggles
movieId: JPH10  actor: Richard Denning
movieId: JPH10  actor: Gertrude Michael
movieId: JPH10  actor: William Frawley
movieId: JPH10  actor: William Demarest
movieId: JPH10  actor: Jack Norton
movieId: JPK10  actor: Robby Benson
movieId: JPK10  actor: Maximilian Schell
movieId: JPK10  actor: Rod Steiger
movieId: JPK10  actor: Barry Miller
movieId: JPK10  actor: Hildy Brooks
movieId: JPK15  actor: Jackie Gleason
movieId: JPK15  actor: Mac Davis
movieId: JPK15  actor: Teri Garr
movieId: JPL10  actor: Bernard Blier
movieId: JPL10  actor: Juliette Fabre
movieId: JPL10  actor: Eduard Delmont
movieId: JPM5  actor: Nicole Stephane
movieId: JPM5  actor: Edouard Dermithe
movieId: JPM5  actor: Renee Cosima
movieId: JPM5  actor: Renee Cosima
movieId: JPM5  actor: Jacques Bernard
movieId: JPM10  actor: Roger Duchesne
movieId: JPM10  actor: Daniel Cauchy
movieId: JPM10  actor: Isabel Corey
movieId: JPR10  actor: Yves Montand
movieId: JPR10  actor: Catherine Deneuve
movieId: JPR25  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: JPR25  actor: Anne Brochet
movieId: JPt10  actor: Stan Laurel
movieId: JPt10  actor: Oliver Hardy
movieId: JPt10  actor: s a
movieId: JPt10  actor: s a
movieId: JPt10  actor: s a
movieId: JPt10  actor: s a
movieId: JPt10  actor: s a
movieId: JPy10  actor: Michael Jordan
movieId: JPy10  actor: s a
movieId: JqA10  actor: Daniele Delorme
movieId: JqA10  actor: Gaby Morlay
movieId: JqA10  actor: Yvonne deBray
movieId: JqA10  actor: Frank Villard
movieId: JqA10  actor: Jean Tissier
movieId: JqA10  actor: Madelaine Rousset
movieId: JqB5  actor: Fernand Ledoux
movieId: JqB5  actor: Goerges Rollin
movieId: JqB5  actor: Blanchette Brunoy
movieId: JqB5  actor: Robert LeVigan
movieId: JqB15  actor: Roger Pigaut
movieId: JqB15  actor: Claire Maffei
movieId: JqB15  actor: No\"el Roquevert
movieId: JqB15  actor: G\'erard Oury
movieId: JqB15  actor: Charles Cros
movieId: JqB15  actor: s a
movieId: JqB15  actor: Anne Poivre
movieId: JqB18  actor: Brigitte Aubert
movieId: JqB18  actor: s a
movieId: JqB18  actor: Daniel Gelin
movieId: JqB18  actor: s a
movieId: JqB18  actor: Nicole Courcel
movieId: JqB18  actor: s a
movieId: JqB18  actor: Pierre Trabaud
movieId: JqB18  actor: s a
movieId: JqB18  actor: Pernard Lajarrige
movieId: JqB18  actor: Rex Stewart
movieId: JqB20  actor: Daniel Gelin
movieId: JqB20  actor: Anne Vernon
movieId: JqB20  actor: Jacques Francois
movieId: JqB20  actor: William Tubbs
movieId: JqB20  actor: Jean Galland
movieId: JqB20  actor: Elina Labourdette
movieId: JqB20  actor: Betty Stockfield
movieId: JqB22  actor: Serge Reggiani
movieId: JqB22  actor: Simone Signoret
movieId: JqB22  actor: Claude Dauphin
movieId: JqB22  actor: Raymond Bussieres
movieId: JqB22  actor: Gaston Modot
movieId: JqB25  actor: Jean Gabin
movieId: JqB25  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: JqB25  actor: Gaby Basset
movieId: JqB25  actor: Daniel Cauchy
movieId: JqB25  actor: Marilyn Buferd
movieId: JqB25  actor: Lino Ventura
movieId: JqB25  actor: Ren\'e Dary
movieId: JqB25  actor: Dora Doll
movieId: JqB28  actor: Gerard Philipe
movieId: JqB38  actor: Philippe Leroy
movieId: JqB38  actor: Mark Michel
movieId: JqB38  actor: Jean Keraudy
movieId: JqB38  actor: Michel Constantine
movieId: JqD1  actor: Anouk Aim\'ee
movieId: JqD1  actor: Jaques Harden
movieId: JqD1  actor: Marc Michel
movieId: JqD1  actor: Elina Labourdette
movieId: JqD2  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: JqD2  actor: Claude Mann
movieId: JqD3  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: JqD4  actor: Catherine Deneuve
movieId: JqD4  actor: Anne Vernon
movieId: JqD4  actor: Nino Castelnuevo
movieId: JqD4  actor: Marc Michel
movieId: JqD4  actor: Ellen Farmer
movieId: JqD4  actor: s a
movieId: JqD5  actor: Catherine Deneuve
movieId: JqD5  actor: Francoise Dorleac
movieId: JqD5  actor: Gene Kelly
movieId: JqD5  actor: George Chakiris
movieId: JqD5  actor: Michel Piccoli
movieId: JqD5  actor: Jacques Purrin
movieId: JqD5  actor: Grover Dale
movieId: JqD5  actor: Genevieve Thenier
movieId: JqD7  actor: Donovan
movieId: JqD7  actor: Donald Pleasance
movieId: JqD7  actor: Michael Hodern
movieId: JqD7  actor: Jack Wild
movieId: JqD7  actor: Diana Dors
movieId: JqD7  actor: John Hurt
movieId: JqD7  actor: s a
movieId: JqD15  actor: Catherine Deneuve
movieId: JqD15  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: JqD28  actor: s a
movieId: JqD28  actor: s a
movieId: JqD28  actor: s a
movieId: JqF2  actor: s a
movieId: JqF2  actor: s a
movieId: JqF2  actor: s a
movieId: JqF4  actor: s a
movieId: JqF25  actor: Greta Garbo
movieId: JqF25  actor: Lew Ayres
movieId: JqF25  actor: Conrad Nagel
movieId: JqF25  actor: Hlomers Herbert
movieId: JqF25  actor: Anders Randolph
movieId: JqF40  actor: Francoise Rosay
movieId: JqF40  actor: Louis Jouvet
movieId: JqF40  actor: Jean Murat
movieId: JqF40  actor: Alfred Adam
movieId: JqF40  actor: Andre Alerme
movieId: JqR43  actor: Fabienne Babe
movieId: JqF50  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: JqF50  actor: Robert Donat
movieId: JqF50  actor: Irene vanBrugh
movieId: JqF50  actor: Herbert Lomas
movieId: JqF50  actor: Austin Trevor
movieId: JqF50  actor: Basil Gill
movieId: JqF50  actor: David Tree
movieId: JqF50  actor: John Clements
movieId: JqF50  actor: Lawrence Hanray
movieId: JqM10  actor: Virginie Ledoyen
movieId: JqM10  actor: Matthiau Demy
movieId: JqM11  actor: Sami Bouajila
movieId: JqM11  actor: Patachou
movieId: JqM11  actor: Arinae Ascaride
movieId: JqR20  actor: JeanPierre Kalfon
movieId: JqR20  actor: Bulle Ogier
movieId: JqR43  actor: Fabienne Babe
movieId: JqR50  actor: Michel Piccoli
movieId: JqR50  actor: Emanuelle Beart
movieId: JqR50  actor: David Bursztein
movieId: JqR50  actor: Jane Birkin
movieId: JqR55  actor: Michel Piccoli
movieId: JqR55  actor: Emanuelle Beart
movieId: JqR55  actor: David Bursztein
movieId: JqR55  actor: Jane Birkin
movieId: JqS10  actor: Brigitte Lahaie
movieId: JqS10  actor: Isabelle Solar
movieId: JqS10  actor: Pierre Londiche
movieId: JqT1  actor: Louis Jouvet
movieId: JqT1  actor: Harry Baur
movieId: JqT1  actor: Jaquline Delubac
movieId: JqT1  actor: Charles Dullin
movieId: JqT2  actor: Simone Simon
movieId: JqT2  actor: Tom Conway
movieId: JqT2  actor: Kent Smith
movieId: JqT2  actor: Jane Randolph
movieId: JqT2  actor: Jack Holt
movieId: JqT2  actor: Alan Napier
movieId: JqT2  actor: Elizabeth Russell
movieId: JqT4  actor: Dennis OKeefe
movieId: JqT4  actor: Jean Brooks
movieId: JqT4  actor: Margo
movieId: JqT4  actor: Margaret Landry
movieId: JqT4  actor: James Bell
movieId: JqT4  actor: Isabel Jewell
movieId: JqT7  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: JqT7  actor: Jane Greer
movieId: JqT7  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: JqT7  actor: Rhonda Fleming
movieId: JqT7  actor: Richard Webb
movieId: JqT7  actor: Steve Brodie
movieId: JqT7  actor: Virginia Huston
movieId: JqT7  actor: Paul Valentine
movieId: JqT7  actor: Dickie Moore
movieId: JqT7  actor: Ken Niles
movieId: JqT8  actor: Merle Oberon
movieId: JqT8  actor: Robert Ryan
movieId: JqT8  actor: Charles Korvin
movieId: JqT8  actor: Paul Lukas
movieId: JqT8  actor: Robert Coote
movieId: JqT14  actor: Dana Andrews
movieId: JqT14  actor: Peggy Cummins
movieId: JqT14  actor: Niall MacGinnis
movieId: JqT14  actor: Athene Seyler
movieId: JqT14  actor: Brian Wilde
movieId: JqT14  actor: Maurice Denham
movieId: JqT14  actor: Ewan Roberts
movieId: JqT14  actor: Liam Redmond
movieId: JqT14  actor: Reginald Beckwith
movieId: JqT14  actor: Oscar Levant
movieId: JR1  actor: Catherine Hessling
movieId: JR20  actor: Michel Simon
movieId: JR20  actor: Janie Mareze
movieId: JR20  actor: Georges Flamant
movieId: JR20  actor: Jean Gehret
movieId: JR25  actor: Michel Simon
movieId: JR25  actor: Charles Grandval
movieId: JR25  actor: Marcelle Hainia
movieId: JR25  actor: Severine Lercziska
movieId: JR25  actor: Jean Daste
movieId: JR25  actor: Jacques Becker
movieId: JR33  actor: P.Renoir
movieId: JR35  actor: P.Renoir
movieId: JR45  actor: Jean Gabin
movieId: JR45  actor: Brigitte Fossey
movieId: JR50  actor: Gabriello
movieId: JR50  actor: Jeanne Marken
movieId: JR50  actor: Sylvia Bataille
movieId: JR50  actor: Jean Renoir
movieId: JR55  actor: Erich vonStroheim
movieId: JR55  actor: Pierre Fresnay
movieId: JR55  actor: Jean Gabin
movieId: JR55  actor: Marcel Dalio
movieId: JR55  actor: Dita Parlo
movieId: JR55  actor: Gaston Modot
movieId: JR55  actor: Julien Carette
movieId: JR55  actor: Jean Daste
movieId: JR55  actor: Georges Peclet
movieId: JR55  actor: Jacques Becker
movieId: JR60  actor: P.Renoir
movieId: JR60  actor: Lise Delamare
movieId: JR65  actor: Jean Gabin
movieId: JR65  actor: Simone Simon
movieId: JR65  actor: Carette
movieId: JR65  actor: Fernand Ledoux
movieId: JR65  actor: Blanchette Brunoy
movieId: JR65  actor: Jean Renoir
movieId: JR70  actor: Marcel Dalio
movieId: JR70  actor: Nora Gregor
movieId: JR70  actor: Roland Toutain
movieId: JR70  actor: Mila Par\'ely
movieId: JR70  actor: J.Renoir
movieId: JR70  actor: Paulette Dubost
movieId: JR70  actor: Gaston Modot
movieId: JR70  actor: Odette Talazac
movieId: JR70  actor: Lise Elina
movieId: JR70  actor: Claire Gerard
movieId: JR70  actor: Julien Carette
movieId: JR70  actor: Roland Toutain
movieId: JR70  actor: Eddy Debray
movieId: JR70  actor: Henri Cartier-Bresson
movieId: JR70  actor: Andre Zwoboda
movieId: JR75  actor: Walter Huston
movieId: JR75  actor: Walter Brennan
movieId: JR75  actor: Anne Baxter
movieId: JR75  actor: Dana Andrews
movieId: JR75  actor: Virginia Gilmore
movieId: JR75  actor: John Carradine
movieId: JR75  actor: Eugene Pallette
movieId: JR75  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: JR75  actor: Guinn Williams
movieId: JR77  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: JR77  actor: Maureen OHara
movieId: JR77  actor: George Sanders
movieId: JR77  actor: Walter Slezak
movieId: JR77  actor: Una Oconnor
movieId: JR77  actor: Kent Smith
movieId: JR77  actor: Phillip Merivale
movieId: JR77  actor: Thurston Hall
movieId: JR77  actor: George Couloris
movieId: JR77  actor: s a
movieId: JR79  actor: Zachary Scott
movieId: JR79  actor: Betty Field
movieId: JR79  actor: Beulah Bondi
movieId: JR79  actor: J. Carrol Nash
movieId: JR81  actor: Paulette Goddard
movieId: JR81  actor: Francis Lederer
movieId: JR81  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: JR81  actor: Hurd Hatfield
movieId: JR81  actor: Judith Anderson
movieId: JR81  actor: Florence Bates
movieId: JR81  actor: Irene Ryan
movieId: JR81  actor: Reginald Owen
movieId: JR81  actor: Almira Sessions
movieId: JR85  actor: Joan Bennett
movieId: JR85  actor: Charles Bickett
movieId: JR85  actor: Robert Ryan
movieId: JR92  actor: Anna Magnani
movieId: JR92  actor: Duncan Lamont
movieId: JR92  actor: Riccardo Rioli
movieId: JR92  actor: Paul Campbell
movieId: JR94  actor: Jean Gabin
movieId: JR94  actor: Francoise Arnoul
movieId: JR96  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: JR96  actor: Mel Ferrer
movieId: JR96  actor: Jean Marais
movieId: JR96  actor: Pierre Bertin
movieId: JR96  actor: Elina Labourdette
movieId: JR96  actor: Magali Noel
movieId: JR96  actor: Jean Richard
movieId: JR96  actor: Juliette Greco
movieId: JR96  actor: George Higgins
movieId: JR96  actor: Marjane
movieId: JRa10  actor: Pierre Blanchar
movieId: JrB10  actor: Lucas Haas
movieId: JrB10  actor: s a
movieId: JrB10  actor: s a
movieId: JrB10  actor: s a
movieId: JrB10  actor: Lea Thompson
movieId: JrB10  actor: s a
movieId: JrB10  actor: s a
movieId: JrB10  actor: Stew Henrikson
movieId: JrB10  actor: s a
movieId: JrB10  actor: s a
movieId: JrF10  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: JrF10  actor: Bruno Kirby
movieId: JrP10  actor: Jerry Lewis
movieId: JrP10  actor: Terry-Thomas
movieId: JrP10  actor: Jacqueline Pearce
movieId: JrP10  actor: Bernard Cribbins
movieId: JrP20  actor: Barbara Eden
movieId: JrP20  actor: Hal Linden
movieId: JrP20  actor: Peter Bonerz
movieId: JrP20  actor: Marcia Rodd
movieId: JrR10  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: JrR10  actor: Michael Madsen
movieId: JrR10  actor: Luis Senco
movieId: JrR10  actor: Florence Stanley
movieId: JrR10  actor: s a
movieId: JrS10  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: JrS10  actor: Tsi Chin
movieId: JrS10  actor: Horst Frank
movieId: JrS10  actor: Maria Rohm
movieId: JrS10  actor: Tony Ferrer
movieId: JrS10  actor: Douglas Wilmer
movieId: JrS10  actor: Douglas Wilmer
movieId: JrS10  actor: Howard MarionCrwaford
movieId: JRu1  actor: Dennis Quaid
movieId: JRu1  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: JRu1  actor: Kate Capshaw
movieId: JRu2  actor: Terry OQuinn
movieId: JRu2  actor: Jill Schoelen
movieId: JRu2  actor: Shelley Hack
movieId: JRu3  actor: James Woods
movieId: JRu3  actor: Robert Downey~jr
movieId: JRu3  actor: Yuji Okumoto
movieId: JRu3  actor: Tom Bower
movieId: JRu3  actor: Kurtwood Smith
movieId: JRu3  actor: Margaret Colin
movieId: JRu3  actor: Miguel Fernandes
movieId: JRu3  actor: John Snyder
movieId: JRu5  actor: Julia Roberts
movieId: JRu5  actor: Patrick Bergin
movieId: JRu5  actor: Kevin Anderson
movieId: JRu12  actor: Robin Wrightman
movieId: JRu12  actor: Priscilla Barnes
movieId: JRu12  actor: Season Hubley
movieId: JRu12  actor: David Tom
movieId: JRu12  actor: John Ingle
movieId: JRu12  actor: Dennis Paladino
movieId: JRu12  actor: Srephen Mendel
movieId: JRu12  actor: Mario Roccuzzo
movieId: JRu12  actor: Jennifer Bassy
movieId: JRu14  actor: Macauley Culkin
movieId: JRu14  actor: Elijah Wood
movieId: JRu14  actor: s a
movieId: JRu14  actor: David Morgan
movieId: JRu14  actor: Wendy Crewson
movieId: JRu14  actor: Jacqueline Brookes
movieId: JRu14  actor: Quinn Culkin
movieId: JS1  actor: Groucho Marx
movieId: JS1  actor: Harpo Marx
movieId: JS1  actor: Kay Francis
movieId: JS1  actor: Margaret Dumont
movieId: JS1  actor: Chico Marx
movieId: JS1  actor: Zeppo Marx
movieId: JS1  actor: Margaret Dumont
movieId: JS1  actor: Mary Eaton
movieId: JS1  actor: Oscar Shaw
movieId: JS1  actor: Basil Ruysdael
movieId: JS1  actor: Cyril Ring
movieId: JS1  actor: Mary Eaton
movieId: JS1  actor: Oscar Shaw
movieId: JS42  actor: Virginia Bruce
movieId: JS42  actor: Tito Guizar
movieId: JS42  actor: Edward Everett Horton
movieId: JS42  actor: Roy Rogers
movieId: JSa10  actor: M.
movieId: JSb3  actor: Faye Dunaway
movieId: JSb3  actor: Barry Primus
movieId: JSb3  actor: Viveca Lindfors
movieId: JSb3  actor: Barry Morse
movieId: JSb3  actor: Roy Scheider
movieId: JSb5  actor: Al Pacino
movieId: JSb5  actor: Kitty Winn
movieId: JSb5  actor: Alan Vint
movieId: JSb5  actor: Richard Bright
movieId: JSb5  actor: Kiel Martin
movieId: JSb5  actor: Michael McClanathan
movieId: JSb5  actor: Raul Julia
movieId: JSb5  actor: Warren Finnerty
movieId: JSb5  actor: Paul Sorvino
movieId: JSb5  actor: Sully Boyar
movieId: JSb5  actor: Joe Santos
movieId: JSb8  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: JSb8  actor: Al Pacino
movieId: JSb8  actor: Dorothy Tristan
movieId: JSb8  actor: Ann Wedgeworth
movieId: JSb8  actor: Eileen Brennan
movieId: JSb10  actor: Alan Alda
movieId: JSb10  actor: Barbara Harris
movieId: JSb10  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: JSb10  actor: Melvyn Douglas
movieId: JSb10  actor: Rip Torn
movieId: JSb13  actor: Willie Nelson
movieId: JSb13  actor: Dyan Cannon
movieId: JSb13  actor: Amy Irving
movieId: JSb13  actor: Slim Pickens
movieId: JSb20  actor: Jon Cryer
movieId: JSb20  actor: Demi Moore
movieId: JSb20  actor: George Wendt
movieId: JSb20  actor: Ann Wedgeworth
movieId: JSb20  actor: Jeffrey Tambor
movieId: JSb27  actor: Christopher Reeve
movieId: JSb27  actor: Mimi Rogers
movieId: JSb27  actor: Kathy Baker
movieId: JSb27  actor: Morgan Freeman
movieId: JSb27  actor: Andre Gregory
movieId: JsC10  actor: James Caan
movieId: JsC10  actor: Jill Eikenberry
movieId: JsC10  actor: Robert Viharo
movieId: JSd10  actor: Chevy Chase
movieId: JSd10  actor: Goldie Hawn
movieId: JSd10  actor: Charles Grodin
movieId: JSd10  actor: Robert Guillaume
movieId: JSb20  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: JSb20  actor: Christian Anholt
movieId: JSb20  actor: Samuel West
movieId: JSb20  actor: Pert Barnaby
movieId: JSb20  actor: Barbara Jeffird
movieId: JSe10  actor: Lucinda Dickey
movieId: JSe10  actor: Shabba-Doo
movieId: JsF10  actor: Joseph Bologna
movieId: JsF10  actor: Stockard Channing
movieId: JsF10  actor: Ned Beatty
movieId: JsF10  actor: Harold Gould
movieId: JsF10  actor: John Beck
movieId: JsF10  actor: Rene Auberjonois
movieId: JsF10  actor: Larry Hagman
movieId: JsF10  actor: Richard Mulligan
movieId: JsF10  actor: Sally Kellerman
movieId: JsF10  actor: Vic Tayback
movieId: JsF10  actor: Howard Hesseman
movieId: JsF10  actor: Ruth Gordon
movieId: JsF10  actor: Lynn Redgrave
movieId: JsF10  actor: Bob Dishy
movieId: JsF10  actor: Jose Ferrer
movieId: JsF20  actor: s a
movieId: JsF20  actor: Ed Begley
movieId: JsF20  actor: Linda Purl
movieId: JsF20  actor: Raymond Singer
movieId: JsF20  actor: Brent Carver
movieId: JsF20  actor: s a
movieId: JsF20  actor: Maria Mayzerret
movieId: JsF20  actor: s a
movieId: JSg5  actor: Rip Torn
movieId: JSg5  actor: Robert Vaughn
movieId: JSg5  actor: Dorothy Privine
movieId: JSg5  actor: David McCallum
movieId: JSg5  actor: Leo G. McCarroll
movieId: JSg5  actor: Yvonne Craig
movieId: JSg6  actor: Robert Vaughn
movieId: JSg6  actor: David McCallum
movieId: JSg6  actor: Leo G. McCarroll
movieId: JSg10  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: JSg10  actor: Robert Shaw
movieId: JSg10  actor: Tony Roberts
movieId: JSg10  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: JSg12  actor: Jill Clayburgh
movieId: JSg12  actor: Burt Young
movieId: JSg12  actor: Lee Remick
movieId: JSg12  actor: Monte Markham
movieId: JSg12  actor: Melanie Mayron
movieId: JSg12  actor: Beverly Hope
movieId: JSg12  actor: John Sylvester White
movieId: JSg12  actor: Dick ONeill
movieId: JSg18  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: JSg18  actor: Dan OHerlihy
movieId: JSg18  actor: Ed Flanders
movieId: JSg18  actor: Ward Costello
movieId: JSg18  actor: Marj Dusay
movieId: JSg18  actor: Ivan bonar
movieId: JSg20  actor: Susan Anton
movieId: JSg20  actor: Curt Jurgens
movieId: JSg20  actor: James Coburn
movieId: JSg20  actor: Robert Culp
movieId: JSg20  actor: Leslie Caron
movieId: JSg20  actor: Harry Guardino
movieId: JSg20  actor: Jessica Walter
movieId: JSg22  actor: Dyan Cannon
movieId: JSg22  actor: Robert Blake
movieId: JSg22  actor: Quinnn Redeker
movieId: JSg22  actor: Michael Lerner
movieId: JSg22  actor: Bill Lucking
movieId: JSg22  actor: Maxine Stuart
movieId: JSg35  actor: Patrick Dempsey
movieId: JSg35  actor: Julie Delpy
movieId: JSg35  actor: Ben Kingsley
movieId: JSh1  actor: Daniel DayLewis
movieId: JSh1  actor: Hugh OConnor
movieId: JSh1  actor: Ray McAnally
movieId: JSh1  actor: Brenda Fricker
movieId: JSh1  actor: Ruth McCabe
movieId: JSh1  actor: Fiona Shaw
movieId: JSh2  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: JSh2  actor: John Hurt
movieId: JSh2  actor: Tom Berenger
movieId: JSh4  actor: Daniel DayLewis
movieId: JSh4  actor: Pete Postlethwaite
movieId: JSh4  actor: Emma Thompson
movieId: JSh4  actor: Don Baker
movieId: JSh4  actor: Corin Redgrave
movieId: JSh8  actor: Daniel DayLewis
movieId: JSh8  actor: Emily Watson
movieId: JSi10  actor: s a
movieId: JSk25  actor: Jeremy Irons
movieId: JSk25  actor: Eugene Lipinski
movieId: JSk25  actor: Jiri Stanislav
movieId: JSk25  actor: Eugeniusz Haczkiewicz
movieId: JsL10  actor: Brandon deWilde
movieId: JsL10  actor: David J. Stewart
movieId: JsL10  actor: Diana Dors
movieId: JSn10  actor: Peter Graves
movieId: JSn10  actor: Albert Salmi
movieId: JSn10  actor: Ed Nelson
movieId: JSn10  actor: Sarah Marshall
movieId: JSo10  actor: Jack Palance
movieId: JSo10  actor: Donald Pleasance
movieId: JSo10  actor: Martin Landau
movieId: JSo15  actor: Robert Englund
movieId: JSo15  actor: Mark Patton
movieId: JSo15  actor: Kim Meyers
movieId: JSo15  actor: Hope Lange
movieId: JSo15  actor: Clu Gulager
movieId: JSp1  actor: Parker Posey
movieId: JSp1  actor: Toni Collette
movieId: JSp1  actor: Lisa Kudrow
movieId: JSp1  actor: Alanna Ubach
movieId: JsS10  actor: Rodney Dangerfield
movieId: JsS10  actor: Candy Azzara
movieId: JsS10  actor: Jennifer Jason Leigh
movieId: JsS10  actor: Tommy Noonan
movieId: JsS10  actor: Geraldine Fitzgerald
movieId: JSq10  actor: Kerwin Mathews
movieId: JSq10  actor: Jo Morrow
movieId: JSq10  actor: June Thorburn
movieId: JSt1  actor: Charlotte Rampling
movieId: JSt1  actor: Sam Waterston
movieId: JSt1  actor: Mario Cotone
movieId: JSv10  actor: s a
movieId: JSv10  actor: Jan Triska
movieId: JSv15  actor: Zdenek Sverak
movieId: JSv15  actor: Andrej Chalimon
movieId: JSy10  actor: Jeff Seymour
movieId: JSy10  actor: Carmen Argenziaon
movieId: JSy10  actor: s a
movieId: JSz3  actor: Roy Scheider
movieId: JSz3  actor: Lorraine Gary
movieId: JSz3  actor: Murray Hamilton
movieId: JSz3  actor: Mike Gruner
movieId: JSz3  actor: s a
movieId: JSz3  actor: Christine Freeman
movieId: JSz3  actor: s a
movieId: JSz3  actor: Mike Masculo
movieId: JSz4  actor: Christopher Reeve
movieId: JSz4  actor: Jane Seymour
movieId: JSz4  actor: Christopher Plummer
movieId: JSz10  actor: Martin Sheen
movieId: JSz10  actor: Brigitte Fossey
movieId: JSz10  actor: Sam Neill
movieId: JSz12  actor: Helen Slater
movieId: JSz12  actor: Faye Dunaway
movieId: JSz12  actor: Peter OToole
movieId: JSz12  actor: Mia Farrow
movieId: JSz12  actor: Branda Vaccaro
movieId: JSz12  actor: Peter Cook
movieId: JSz12  actor: Simon Ward
movieId: JSz12  actor: Marc McClure
movieId: JSz12  actor: Hart Bochner
movieId: JSz12  actor: David Healy
movieId: JSz15  actor: Lance Guest
movieId: JSz15  actor: Lorraine Gary
movieId: JSz15  actor: s a
movieId: JSz15  actor: s a
movieId: JSz15  actor: s a
movieId: JSz15  actor: Mario van Peebles
movieId: JSz15  actor: s a
movieId: JSz15  actor: s a
movieId: JT1  actor: Jacques Tati
movieId: JT1  actor: Guy Decomble
movieId: JT1  actor: Paul Frankeur
movieId: JT1  actor: Santa Relli
movieId: JT2  actor: Jacques Tati
movieId: JT2  actor: Nathalie Pascoud
movieId: JT2  actor: Michele Rolla
movieId: JT2  actor: Valentine Camax
movieId: JT3  actor: Jaques Tati
movieId: JT3  actor: JeanPiere Zola
movieId: JT3  actor: Adrienne Servatie
movieId: JT3  actor: Alain B\'ecourt
movieId: JT3  actor: Yvonne Arnaud
movieId: JT3  actor: Lucien Fr\'egis
movieId: JT4  actor: Jaques Tati
movieId: JT4  actor: Barbara Dennek
movieId: JT4  actor: Jacqueline Lecomte
movieId: JT4  actor: Henri Piccoli
movieId: JT5  actor: Jaques Tati
movieId: JtF1  actor: Patrick Stewart
movieId: JtF1  actor: Jonathan Frakes
movieId: JtF1  actor: Levar Burton
movieId: JtF1  actor: Michael Dorn
movieId: JtF1  actor: Gates McFadden
movieId: JtF1  actor: Mariana Sirtis
movieId: JtF1  actor: Brent Spiner
movieId: JtF1  actor: Alice Krige
movieId: JtF1  actor: Neal McDonough
movieId: JtF1  actor: Dwight Schultz
movieId: JtF1  actor: Alfre Woodard
movieId: JtF1  actor: James Cromwell
movieId: JtF3  actor: Patrick Stewart
movieId: JtF3  actor: s a
movieId: JtF3  actor: s a
movieId: JtF3  actor: s a
movieId: JtF3  actor: Jonathan Frakes
movieId: JtF3  actor: s a
movieId: JtF3  actor: s a
movieId: JtF3  actor: s a
movieId: JtF3  actor: s a
movieId: JtF3  actor: Michael Downs
movieId: JtF3  actor: s a
movieId: JtF3  actor: F.Murray Abrahams
movieId: JtF3  actor: Michael Piler
movieId: JTg4  actor: Warner Oland
movieId: JTg5  actor: Warner Baxtre
movieId: JTg5  actor: Ketti Gallian
movieId: JTg5  actor: Rita Hayworth
movieId: JTg5  actor: Jack laRue
movieId: JTg5  actor: J.Carrol Naish
movieId: JTg7  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: JTg7  actor: Keye Luke
movieId: JTg7  actor: Harold Huber
movieId: JTg7  actor: Lynn Bari
movieId: JTg7  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: JTg7  actor: Maxie Rosenbloom
movieId: JTg7  actor: Lon Chaney~jr.
movieId: JTh10  actor: Robert Vaughn
movieId: JTh10  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: JTh10  actor: Karl Boehm
movieId: JTh10  actor: Elke Sommer
movieId: JTh10  actor: Edward Asner
movieId: JTh10  actor: Felicia Farr
movieId: JTh10  actor: Roger C. Carmel
movieId: JTh10  actor: Luciana Paluzzi
movieId: JTl9  actor: Jason Robards~jr.>
movieId: JTl9  actor: Mia Farrow
movieId: JTl9  actor: Trevor Howard
movieId: JTl9  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: JTl9  actor: Dayton Ka'ne
movieId: JTl9  actor: Timothy Bottoms
movieId: JTl9  actor: James Keach
movieId: JTl9  actor: Nicholas Rutgers
movieId: JTl9  actor: Nancy Rutgers
movieId: JTM10  actor: Richard Thomas
movieId: JTM10  actor: Darlanne Fluegel
movieId: JTM10  actor: George Peppard
movieId: JTM10  actor: Robert Vaughn
movieId: JTM10  actor: John Saxon
movieId: JTM10  actor: Sam Jaffe
movieId: JTM10  actor: Jeff Corey
movieId: JTo3  actor: Nastassja Kinski
movieId: JTo3  actor: Rudolph Nureyev
movieId: JTo3  actor: Margot Fonteyn
movieId: JTo3  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: JTo3  actor: Ian McShane
movieId: JTo3  actor: Bibi Andersson
movieId: JTo3  actor: Ron Randell
movieId: JTo3  actor: Pierre Clementi
movieId: JTo5  actor: Molly Ringwald
movieId: JTo7  actor: Darryl Dawkins
movieId: JTo7  actor: Don Simpson
movieId: JTo7  actor: Veronica Gng
movieId: JTo7  actor: Fred Hess
movieId: JTo7  actor: Barbara Traub
movieId: JTo7  actor: Elaine Kaufman
movieId: JTo7  actor: Jose Torres
movieId: JTo7  actor: Tony Sirico
movieId: JTo7  actor: James Toback Sirico
movieId: JTo7  actor: Joseph Kanter
movieId: JTo15  actor: Robert Downey~jr.
movieId: JTo15  actor: Heather Graham
movieId: JTo15  actor: Natasha Gregson Warner
movieId: JTu10  actor: Leon
movieId: JTu10  actor: Doug E Doug
movieId: JTu10  actor: John Candy
movieId: JTu14  actor: Cuba Gooding~jr
movieId: JTu14  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: JTu14  actor: Daniel Sarthwara
movieId: JTu14  actor: Mara Tierney
movieId: JTu14  actor: George Dzunda
movieId: JTu14  actor: John Aylward
movieId: JTu15  actor: Bruce Willis
movieId: JuA100  actor: Gene Barry
movieId: JuA100  actor: Nancy Gates
movieId: JuA101  actor: John Qualen
movieId: JuA101  actor: Philip Reed
movieId: JuA102  actor: Claire Trevor
movieId: JuA102  actor: Jacques Bergerac
movieId: JuA102  actor: Werner Klemperer
movieId: JuA102  actor: Peter vanEyck
movieId: JuA102  actor: John Banner
movieId: JuA102  actor: Konstantis Shayne
movieId: JuA102  actor: Ralph Manza
movieId: JuA103  actor: Henry Jones
movieId: JuA103  actor: Virginia Gregg
movieId: JuA103  actor: Barbara Blaxley
movieId: JuA103  actor: Norman Lloyd
movieId: JuA103  actor: Percy Helton
movieId: JuA103  actor: Minerva Urcal
movieId: JuA103  actor: Norman Bertold
movieId: JuA104  actor: Harold J. Stone
movieId: JuA104  actor: Russell Collins
movieId: JuA104  actor: Harold J. Stone
movieId: JuA104  actor: Edith Barrett
movieId: JuA104  actor: Robert Ross
movieId: JuA105  actor: Judith Evelyn
movieId: JuA105  actor: Robert Emhardt
movieId: JuA106  actor: Henry Jones
movieId: JuA106  actor: Mildred Dunnock
movieId: JuA106  actor: Sam Buffington
movieId: JuA107  actor: Russell Collins
movieId: JuB100  actor: Lee Philips
movieId: JuB100  actor: Chick Chandler
movieId: JuB100  actor: Alan Reed
movieId: JuB100  actor: Shirley Smith
movieId: JuB100  actor: Argentina Brunetti
movieId: JuB100  actor: Harvey Tyler
movieId: JuB100  actor: Harvey Stephens
movieId: JuB100  actor: Charlie Cantor
movieId: JuB101  actor: Ray Collins
movieId: JuB101  actor: Dorothy Stickney
movieId: JuB101  actor: Carmen Mathews
movieId: JuB101  actor: Ted Stanhope
movieId: JuB102  actor: John Williams
movieId: JuB102  actor: Isobel Epsom
movieId: JuB102  actor: Barbara Baxley
movieId: JuB102  actor: Mollie Glessing
movieId: JuB102  actor: Walter Kingsford
movieId: JuB102  actor: A.E. GouldPotter
movieId: JuB103  actor: Pat Hingle
movieId: JuB104  actor: Paul Douglas
movieId: JuB104  actor: s a
movieId: JuB104  actor: Hugh Marlowe
movieId: JuB104  actor: Robert Morse
movieId: JuB104  actor: s a
movieId: JuD3  actor: Harry Baur
movieId: JuD3  actor: Robert Lynen
movieId: JuD5  actor: Jean Gabin
movieId: JuD7  actor: Jean Gabin
movieId: JuD8  actor: Jean Gabin
movieId: JuD8  actor: Mireille Balin
movieId: JuD8  actor: Marcel Dalio
movieId: JuD8  actor: Gabriel Gabrio
movieId: JuD8  actor: Line Noro
movieId: JuD8  actor: Lucas Gridoux
movieId: JuD9  actor: Marie Bell
movieId: JuD9  actor: Harry Baur
movieId: JuD9  actor: Raimu
movieId: JuD9  actor: Louis Jouvet
movieId: JuD9  actor: Pierre Blanchard
movieId: JuD9  actor: Fernandel
movieId: JuD9  actor: Pierre-Richard Willm
movieId: JuD9  actor: Francoise Rosay
movieId: JuD10  actor: Fernand Gavet
movieId: JuD10  actor: Miliza Korjus
movieId: JuD10  actor: Luise Rainer
movieId: JuD10  actor: Lionel Atwill
movieId: JuD10  actor: Herman bing
movieId: JuD10  actor: Hugh Herbert
movieId: JuD10  actor: Minna Gombell
movieId: JuD10  actor: Henry Hull
movieId: JuD10  actor: Curu Bois
movieId: JuD13  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: JuD13  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: JuD13  actor: Paul Robeson
movieId: JuD13  actor: Ethel Waters
movieId: JuD13  actor: Rita Hayworth
movieId: JuD13  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: JuD13  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: JuD13  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: JuD13  actor: Roland Young
movieId: JuD13  actor: Thomas Mitchell
movieId: JuD13  actor: James Gleason
movieId: JuD13  actor: Cesar Romero
movieId: JuD13  actor: Gail Patrick
movieId: JuD13  actor: Elsa Lanchester
movieId: JuD13  actor: Victor Francen
movieId: JuD13  actor: Rochester
movieId: JuD13  actor: Eugene Pallette
movieId: JuD13  actor: George Sanders
movieId: JuD13  actor: Harry Davenport
movieId: JuD13  actor: Christian Rub
movieId: JuD13  actor: The Hall Johnson Choir
movieId: JuD15  actor: Michel Simon
movieId: JuD15  actor: Viviane Romance
movieId: JuD15  actor: Paul Bernard
movieId: JuD16  actor: Vivien Leigh
movieId: JuD16  actor: Kieron Moore
movieId: JuD16  actor: Ralph Richardson
movieId: JuD16  actor: Marie Lohr
movieId: JuD16  actor: Sally Ann Howes
movieId: JuD16  actor: Niall MacGinnis
movieId: JuD16  actor: Michael Gough
movieId: JuD16  actor: Helen Haye
movieId: JuD19  actor: Fernandel
movieId: JuD19  actor: Gino Cervi
movieId: JuD20  actor: Dany Robin
movieId: JuD20  actor: Hildegard Kneff
movieId: JuD20  actor: Michel Auclair
movieId: JuJ1  actor: Sylvia Kristel
movieId: JuJ1  actor: Marika Green
movieId: JuJ1  actor: Daniel Sarky
movieId: JuJ1  actor: Alain Cuny
movieId: JuJ2  actor: Sylvia Kristel
movieId: JuJ2  actor: Umberto Orsini
movieId: JuJ2  actor: Laura Gemser
movieId: JuJ3  actor: Laura Gemser
movieId: JuJ3  actor: Karin Schubert
movieId: JuJ4  actor: Laura Gemser
movieId: JuJ5  actor: Laura Gamser
movieId: JuJ5  actor: Cris Avram
movieId: JuJ10  actor: Sylvia Kristel
movieId: JuJ10  actor: Nicholas Clay
movieId: JuJ10  actor: Shane Briant
movieId: JuJ10  actor: Ann Mitchell
movieId: JuJ10  actor: Elizabeth Spriggs
movieId: JuJ15  actor: Mia Nygren
movieId: JuJ15  actor: Sophie Berger
movieId: JuJ15  actor: Sylvia Kristel
movieId: JuJ15  actor: Deborah Power
movieId: JuJ17  actor: Tawny Kitaen
movieId: JuJ17  actor: Brent Huff
movieId: JuJ17  actor: Zabou
movieId: JuJ19  actor: Monique Gabrielle
movieId: JuJ19  actor: Dana Burns Westberg
movieId: JuJ19  actor: s a
movieId: JuS10  actor: Jeffrey Wright
movieId: JuS10  actor: David Bowie
movieId: JuS10  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: JuS10  actor: Gary Oldman
movieId: JuS10  actor: Christopher Walken
movieId: JuS10  actor: Michael Wincott
movieId: JuS10  actor: Daniel Defoe
movieId: JuS10  actor: Elina Lowenson
movieId: JuS10  actor: Parker Posey
movieId: JuS10  actor: Courtney Love
movieId: JuT5  actor: Malcolm McLaren
movieId: JuT5  actor: Sid Viscious
movieId: JuT5  actor: Nancy Spungen
movieId: JuT15  actor: Geena Davis
movieId: JuT15  actor: Jeff Goldblum
movieId: JuT15  actor: Jim Carrey
movieId: JuT15  actor: Damon Wagans
movieId: JuT15  actor: Julie Brown
movieId: JuW10  actor: Buster Kaeton
movieId: JVi10  actor: Jean Daste
movieId: JVi10  actor: Louis Lefebvre
movieId: JVi10  actor: Gilbert Pruchon
movieId: JVi10  actor: le nain Delphin
movieId: JVi11  actor: Taris
movieId: JVi23  actor: Jean Dast\'e
movieId: JVi23  actor: Dita Parlo
movieId: JVi23  actor: Louis Lefevre
movieId: JVi23  actor: Michel Simon
movieId: JVi23  actor: Gilles Margaritis
movieId: JVK30  actor: John Young
movieId: JVK30  actor: Betsy Drake
movieId: JVK30  actor: John Sutton
movieId: JVK30  actor: Florence Bates
movieId: JVK30  actor: Morris Carnovsky
movieId: JVK30  actor: Henry ONeill
movieId: JVK30  actor: s a
movieId: JVK35  actor: Janet Leigh
movieId: JVK35  actor: Tony Martin
movieId: JVK35  actor: Eddie Bracken
movieId: JVK35  actor: Gloria deHaven
movieId: JVK35  actor: Barbara Lawrence
movieId: JVK35  actor: Joe Smith
movieId: JVK35  actor: Charlie Dale
movieId: JVm10  actor: s a
movieId: JVm10  actor: s a
movieId: JVm10  actor: s a
movieId: JVm10  actor: s a
movieId: JVm17  actor: Ben Becker
movieId: JVm17  actor: Heino Ferch
movieId: JVm17  actor: Ulrich Nothen
movieId: JVm17  actor: Heinrich Schafmeister
movieId: JVm17  actor: Max Tidof
movieId: JVm17  actor: Kai Wiesinger
movieId: JVm17  actor: Meret Becker
movieId: JVm17  actor: Katja Rieman
movieId: JVm17  actor: Danavrova
movieId: JVm17  actor: Noemi Fischer
movieId: JVm17  actor: Susi Nicoletti
movieId: JVm17  actor: Rudolf Wessely
movieId: JVm17  actor: Rolf Hoppe
movieId: JVm17  actor: Otto Sander
movieId: JVm17  actor: Jurgen Schornagel
movieId: JVm17  actor: Gunter Lamprecht
movieId: JVD5  actor: Stephane Beransconi
movieId: JW1  actor: Mae Clarke
movieId: JW1  actor: Kent Douglass
movieId: JW1  actor: Doris Lloyd
movieId: JW1  actor: Ethel Griffies
movieId: JW1  actor: Enid Bennett
movieId: JW1  actor: Frederick Kerr
movieId: JW1  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: JW2  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: JW2  actor: Colin Clive
movieId: JW2  actor: Mae Clarke
movieId: JW2  actor: John Boles
movieId: JW2  actor: Edward vanSloan
movieId: JW2  actor: Frederick Kerr
movieId: JW2  actor: Dwight Frye
movieId: JW2  actor: Lionel Belmore
movieId: JW4  actor: Melvyn Douglas
movieId: JW4  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: JW4  actor: Raymond Massey
movieId: JW4  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: JW4  actor: Ernest Thesiger
movieId: JW4  actor: Eva Moore
movieId: JW4  actor: Gloria Stuart
movieId: JW4  actor: Lilian Bond
movieId: JW4  actor: John Dudgeon
movieId: JW6  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: JW6  actor: Gloria Stuart
movieId: JW9  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: JW9  actor: Elsa Lanchester
movieId: JW9  actor: Elsa Lanchester
movieId: JW9  actor: Ernest Thesiger
movieId: JW9  actor: Colin Clive
movieId: JW9  actor: E.E. Clive
movieId: JW9  actor: Valerie Hobson
movieId: JW9  actor: Dwight Frye
movieId: JW9  actor: John Carradine
movieId: JW9  actor: Una OConnor
movieId: JW9  actor: O.P. Heggie
movieId: JW9  actor: Gavin Gordon
movieId: JW9  actor: Douglas Walton
movieId: JW11  actor: Irene Dunne
movieId: JW11  actor: Allan Jones
movieId: JW11  actor: Helen Morgan
movieId: JW11  actor: Paul Robeson
movieId: JW11  actor: Charles Winninger
movieId: JW11  actor: Hattie McDaniel
movieId: JW11  actor: Donald Cook
movieId: JW11  actor: Rochester
movieId: JW11  actor: Clarence Muse
movieId: JW11  actor: Francis X. Mahoney
movieId: JW11  actor: Sammy White
movieId: JW11  actor: Charles Middleton1
movieId: JW11  actor: E.E. Clive
movieId: JW11  actor: Helen Westley
movieId: JW11  actor: Queenie Smith
movieId: JW17  actor: Louis Hayward
movieId: JW17  actor: Warren William
movieId: JW17  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: JW17  actor: Bert Roach
movieId: JW17  actor: Miles Mander
movieId: JW17  actor: Joan Bennett
movieId: JW17  actor: Joseph Schildkraut
movieId: JW17  actor: Leonor Varela
movieId: JW18  actor: Douglas Fairbanks~jr.
movieId: JW18  actor: Joan Bennett
movieId: JW18  actor: George Sanders
movieId: JW18  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: JW18  actor: George Bancroft
movieId: JWa1  actor: John Wayne
movieId: JWa1  actor: Richard Widmark
movieId: JWa1  actor: Laurence Harvey
movieId: JWa1  actor: Richard Boone
movieId: JWa1  actor: Frankie Avalon
movieId: JWa1  actor: Patrick Wayne
movieId: JWa1  actor: Linda Cristal
movieId: JWa1  actor: Chill Wills
movieId: JWa1  actor: Joseph Calleia
movieId: JWa2  actor: John Wayne
movieId: JWa2  actor: David Janssen
movieId: JWa2  actor: Jim Hutton
movieId: JWa2  actor: Aldo Rey
movieId: JWa2  actor: Raymond StJacques
movieId: JWa2  actor: Mike Henru
movieId: JWB10  actor: Isaach deBancole
movieId: JWB10  actor: Maka Kotto
movieId: JWB10  actor: Myriam Cyr
movieId: JWe1  actor: Jack Webb
movieId: JWe1  actor: Ben Alexander
movieId: JWe1  actor: Richard Boone
movieId: JWe1  actor: Ann Robinson
movieId: JWe1  actor: Gregg Weaver
movieId: JWe1  actor: Dub Taylor
movieId: JWe1  actor: Virgina Gregg
movieId: JWe3  actor: Jack Webb
movieId: JWe3  actor: Edmond OBrien
movieId: JWe3  actor: Janet Leigh
movieId: JWe3  actor: Peggy Lee
movieId: JWe3  actor: Andy Devine
movieId: JWe3  actor: Ella Fitzgerald
movieId: JWe3  actor: Lee Marvin
movieId: JWe3  actor: Martin Milner
movieId: JWe3  actor: Jayne Mansfield
movieId: JWe5  actor: Jack Webb
movieId: JWe6  actor: jack Webb
movieId: JWe6  actor: William Conrad
movieId: JWe6  actor: David Nelson
movieId: JWe6  actor: Richard Bakalyn
movieId: JWe6  actor: Joe Flynn
movieId: JWe6  actor: Whitney Blake
movieId: JWe7  actor: Jack Webb
movieId: JWe12  actor: Jack Webb
movieId: JWe12  actor: Harry Morgan
movieId: JWe12  actor: Gene Evans
movieId: JWe12  actor: Vic Perrin
movieId: JWe12  actor: Bobby Troup
movieId: JWg10  actor: Ning Jing
movieId: JWg10  actor: s a
movieId: JWH30  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: JWH40  actor: Stan Laurel
movieId: JWH40  actor: Oliver Hardy
movieId: JWH40  actor: James Finlayson
movieId: JWH48  actor: Stan Laurel
movieId: JWH48  actor: Oliver Hardy
movieId: JWH48  actor: Charlie Hall
movieId: JWH50  actor: Stan Laurel
movieId: JWH50  actor: Oliver Hardy
movieId: JWH50  actor: Charles Middleton
movieId: JWH50  actor: James W. Horne
movieId: JWH60  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: JWH70  actor: Stan Laurel
movieId: JWH70  actor: Oliver Hardy
movieId: JWH70  actor: June Lang
movieId: JWH70  actor: William Janney
movieId: JWH70  actor: Daphne Pollard
movieId: JWH70  actor: James Finlayson
movieId: JWH70  actor: Vernon Steele
movieId: JWH70  actor: Mary Gordon
movieId: JWH70  actor: Maurice Black
movieId: JWH70  actor: Lionel Belmore
movieId: JWH80  actor: Stan Laurel
movieId: JWH80  actor: Oliver Hardy
movieId: JWH80  actor: Sharon Lynne
movieId: JWH80  actor: James Finlayson
movieId: JWH80  actor: Rosina Lawrence
movieId: JWH100  actor: Warren Hull
movieId: JWH100  actor: Mary Ainslee
movieId: JWH100  actor: Dave OBrien
movieId: JWH100  actor: Joe Girard
movieId: JWR8  actor: Ricardo Cortez
movieId: JWR8  actor: H.B. Warner
movieId: JWR8  actor: Anita Louise
movieId: JWR8  actor: Karen Morley
movieId: JWR9  actor: Richard Dix
movieId: JWR9  actor: Elizabeth Allen
movieId: JWR9  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: JWR9  actor: Theodore Newton
movieId: JWR9  actor: Nella Walker
movieId: JWR9  actor: Frank Conroy
movieId: JWR9  actor: Joe Sauers
movieId: JWR9  actor: Arthur Jarett
movieId: JWR9  actor: Grady Sutton
movieId: JWR9  actor: William Cagney
movieId: JWR9  actor: Betty Furness
movieId: JWR9  actor: Edward Gargan
movieId: JWR12  actor: Anna May Wong
movieId: JWR12  actor: John Loder
movieId: JWR12  actor: Ralph Richardson
movieId: JWR12  actor: Elizabeth Allen
movieId: JWR12  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: JWR13  actor: Chester Morris
movieId: JWR13  actor: Jean Arthur
movieId: JWR13  actor: Joseph Calleia
movieId: JWR13  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: JWR13  actor: Paul Kelly
movieId: JWR13  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: JWR13  actor: Paul Hurst
movieId: JWy10  actor: David McCallum
movieId: JWy10  actor: Lana Clarkson
movieId: JWy10  actor: Nicole Eggert
movieId: JWy10  actor: Nicole Eggert
movieId: JWy15  actor: Patrick OBrien
movieId: JWy15  actor: Ren\'e Assa
movieId: JWy15  actor: Paul Coufos
movieId: JWy15  actor: Debbie James
movieId: JyR2  actor: Mike Meyers
movieId: JyR2  actor: Mike Meyers
movieId: JyR2  actor: Elizabeth Hurley
movieId: JyR2  actor: Rob Lowe
movieId: JyR2  actor: Mimi Rogers
movieId: JyR2  actor: Robert Wagner
movieId: JyR2  actor: Seth Green
movieId: JyR2  actor: Michael York
movieId: JyR2  actor: Fabina Udenio
movieId: JyR2  actor: Tom Arnold
movieId: JyR4  actor: Mike Meyers
movieId: JyR4  actor: Mike Meyers
movieId: JyR4  actor: Verne Troyer
movieId: JyR4  actor: Mike Meyers
movieId: JyR4  actor: Heather Graham
movieId: JyR4  actor: Robert Wagner
movieId: JyR4  actor: Rob Lowe
movieId: JyR4  actor: Seth Green
movieId: JyR4  actor: Michael York
movieId: JyR4  actor: Will Ferrel
movieId: JyR4  actor: Tim Robbins
movieId: JyR4  actor: Elizabeth Hurley
movieId: JZa10  actor: Diane Keaton
movieId: JZa10  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: JZa10  actor: Hume Cronyn
movieId: JZa10  actor: Leonardo DiCaprio
movieId: JZa10  actor: Hal Scardino
movieId: JZa10  actor: Gwen Verdon
movieId: JZa10  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: JZa10  actor: Dan Hedaya
movieId: JZa10  actor: Cynthia Nixon
movieId: JZa10  actor: Martingale
movieId: JzG10  actor: Joss Auckland
movieId: JzG10  actor: Clair Bloom
movieId: JzG10  actor: Rik Mayall
movieId: JZi10  actor: Crispin Glover
movieId: JZi10  actor: Kimberly Beck
movieId: JZi10  actor: Barbara Howard
movieId: JZi10  actor: E. Erich Anderson
movieId: JZi10  actor: Ted White
movieId: JzS10  actor: Jerzy Stuhr
movieId: JZu10  actor: Patrick Swayze
movieId: JZu10  actor: Demi Moore
movieId: JZu10  actor: Whoopi Goldberg
movieId: JZu10  actor: Vincent Schiavelli
movieId: JZu10  actor: Tony Goldwyn
movieId: JZu10  actor: Rick Aviles
movieId: JZu10  actor: Amelia McQueen
movieId: JZu10  actor: Gail Boggs
movieId: JZu10  actor: Vincent Schiavelli
movieId: JZu15  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: JZu15  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: JZu15  actor: Bo Hopkins
movieId: JZu15  actor: Janee Stacey
movieId: JZu15  actor: Luke Askew
movieId: JZu15  actor: David Canary
movieId: KaA9  actor: Hunt Block
movieId: KaA9  actor: Catherine Mary Stewart
movieId: KaA9  actor: James Laurenson
movieId: KaA10  actor: Mark Harmon
movieId: KaA10  actor: Margaret Welsh
movieId: KaA10  actor: Tippi Hedren
movieId: KaA10  actor: Diane Ladd
movieId: KaA10  actor: Shirley Knight
movieId: KaS20  actor: s a
movieId: KaS20  actor: s a
movieId: KBg8  actor: Jenny Wright
movieId: KBg8  actor: Bill Paxton
movieId: KBg8  actor: Jenette Goldstein
movieId: KBg8  actor: Lance Henriksen
movieId: KBg8  actor: Joshua Miller
movieId: KBg8  actor: Adrian Pastar
movieId: KBg8  actor: Tim Thomerson
movieId: KBg8  actor: Marcie Leeds
movieId: KBg10  actor: Patrick Swayze
movieId: KBg10  actor: Keanu Reeves
movieId: KBg10  actor: Gary Busey
movieId: KBg10  actor: Lori Petty
movieId: KBg10  actor: John C. McGuiley
movieId: KBg10  actor: James leGros
movieId: KBg10  actor: Bojesse Christopher
movieId: KBg10  actor: Julian Reyes
movieId: KBg10  actor: Daniel Beer
movieId: KBg10  actor: Chris Pedersen
movieId: KBg15  actor: Ralph Fiennes
movieId: KBg15  actor: Angela Bassett
movieId: KBi5  actor: Oskar Werner
movieId: KBi5  actor: Barbara Ferris
movieId: KBi5  actor: Virginia Maskell
movieId: KBi5  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: KBi5  actor: John Cleese
movieId: KBi5  actor: Derek Jacobi
movieId: KBi10  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: KBi10  actor: Yul Brynner
movieId: KBi10  actor: Samantha Eggar
movieId: KBi10  actor: JeanClaude Drouot
movieId: KBi10  actor: Fernando rey
movieId: KBi10  actor: Renato Salvatori
movieId: KBr1  actor: Kenneth Branagh
movieId: KBr1  actor: Paul Scofield
movieId: KBr1  actor: Christopher Ravenscroft
movieId: KBr1  actor: Derek Jacobi
movieId: KBr1  actor: Judi Dench
movieId: KBr1  actor: Robbie Coltrane
movieId: KBr1  actor: Brian Blessed
movieId: KBr1  actor: Richard Briars
movieId: KBr1  actor: Richard Easton
movieId: KBr1  actor: Alec McGowan
movieId: KBr1  actor: Robert Stephens
movieId: KBr1  actor: Emma Thompson
movieId: KBr1  actor: Geraldine McEwen
movieId: KBr1  actor: Christian Bale
movieId: KBr1  actor: Ian Holm
movieId: KBr3  actor: Kenneth Branagh
movieId: KBr3  actor: Kenneth Branagh
movieId: KBr3  actor: Emma Thompson
movieId: KBr3  actor: Emma Thompson
movieId: KBr3  actor: Derek Jacobi
movieId: KBr3  actor: Andy Garcia
movieId: KBr3  actor: Hanna Schygulla
movieId: KBr3  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: KBr10  actor: Hans Schraggs
movieId: KBr10  actor: Enid Thompson
movieId: KBr10  actor: Linda Doran
movieId: KBr12  actor: Stephen Fry
movieId: KBr12  actor: Hugh Laurie
movieId: KBr12  actor: Kenneth Branagh
movieId: KBr12  actor: Rita Rudner
movieId: KBr12  actor: Emma Thompson
movieId: KBr12  actor: Alphonsia Emmanuel
movieId: KBr12  actor: Tony Slattery
movieId: KBr12  actor: Hugh Laurie
movieId: KBr12  actor: Imelda Staunton
movieId: KBr14  actor: Denzel Washington
movieId: KBr14  actor: Keanu Reeves
movieId: KBr14  actor: Kenneth Branagh
movieId: KBr14  actor: Emma Thompson
movieId: KBr14  actor: Robert Sean Leonard
movieId: KBr14  actor: Michael Keaton
movieId: KBr14  actor: Kate Beckinsale
movieId: KBr14  actor: Richard Clifford
movieId: KBr14  actor: Brian Blessed
movieId: KBr14  actor: Richard Biers
movieId: KBr14  actor: s a
movieId: KBr14  actor: Edward Jewsberry
movieId: KBr14  actor: s a
movieId: KBr16  actor: Kenneth Branagh
movieId: KBr18  actor: Kenneth Branagh
movieId: KBr18  actor: Derek Jacobi
movieId: KBr18  actor: Brian Blessed
movieId: KBr18  actor: Julie Christie
movieId: KBr18  actor: Brian Blessed
movieId: KBr18  actor: Kate Winslet
movieId: KBr18  actor: Richard Briers
movieId: KBr18  actor: Nicholas Farrell
movieId: KBr18  actor: Michael Maloney
movieId: KBr18  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: KBr18  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: KBr18  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: KBr18  actor: Billy Crystal
movieId: KBr18  actor: Simon Russell Beale
movieId: KBr18  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: KBr18  actor: John Mills
movieId: KBr18  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: KBr18  actor: Judi Dench
movieId: KBr18  actor: Richard Attenborough
movieId: KBu50  actor: Edward Herrman
movieId: KBw10  actor: Morgan Freeman
movieId: KCm10  actor: Nicole Kidman
movieId: KCo15  actor: Doug McClure
movieId: KCo10  actor: Patrick Wayne
movieId: KCo15  actor: John McEnery
movieId: KCo15  actor: Susan Penhaligon
movieId: KCo15  actor: Keith Barron
movieId: KCo15  actor: Anthony Ainley
movieId: KCo15  actor: Godfrey James
movieId: KCo15  actor: Bobby Parr
movieId: KCo15  actor: Deelan Mulholland
movieId: KCo15  actor: Steve James
movieId: KCo20  actor: John Mills
movieId: KCo20  actor: Donald Pleasance
movieId: KCo20  actor: David Birney
movieId: KCo20  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: KCo20  actor: Barbara Hershey
movieId: KCo22  actor: Doug McClure
movieId: KCo22  actor: Sarah Douglas
movieId: KCo22  actor: Dana Gillespie
movieId: KCo22  actor: Thorley Walters
movieId: KCo22  actor: Shane Rimmer
movieId: KCo22  actor: Tony Britton
movieId: KCo22  actor: Yvonne deCarlo
movieId: KCo25  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: KCo25  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: KCo25  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: KDo10  actor: Jack Thompson
movieId: KDo10  actor: Russell Crowe
movieId: KDo10  actor: John Polson
movieId: KDo10  actor: Deborah Kennedy
movieId: KDr15  actor: Sami Bouajila
movieId: KDr15  actor: Ouassini Embarek
movieId: KDr15  actor: Sofiane Mammeri
movieId: KDr15  actor: Frederic Andrau
movieId: KeA10  actor: Peter Ustinov
movieId: KeA10  actor: David Tomlinson
movieId: KeA10  actor: Roland Culver
movieId: KeA10  actor: Albert Lieu
movieId: KeA19  actor: David Tomlinson
movieId: KeA19  actor: Jimmy Edwards
movieId: KeA19  actor: Laurence Harvey
movieId: KeA19  actor: Shirley Eaton
movieId: KeA19  actor: Robertson Hare
movieId: KeA19  actor: Jill Ireland
movieId: KeA19  actor: Marita Hunt
movieId: KeA19  actor: A.E. Matthews
movieId: KeA19  actor: Ernest Thesiger
movieId: KeA23  actor: John Mills
movieId: KeA23  actor: Dorothy McGuire
movieId: KeA23  actor: James MacArthur
movieId: KeA23  actor: Janet Munro
movieId: KeA23  actor: Sessue Hayakawa
movieId: KeA23  actor: Tommy Kirk
movieId: KeA23  actor: Kevin Corcoran
movieId: KeA23  actor: Cecil Parker
movieId: KeA25  actor: James Roobertson Jutice
movieId: KeA25  actor: Stanley Baxter
movieId: KeA25  actor: Leslie Phillips
movieId: KeA25  actor: Eric Sykes
movieId: KeA25  actor: Richard Wattis
movieId: KeA25  actor: Colin Gordon
movieId: KeA26  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: KeA26  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: KeA31  actor: Sarah Miles
movieId: KeA31  actor: Stuart Whitman
movieId: KeA31  actor: Robert Morley
movieId: KeA31  actor: Eric Sykes
movieId: KeA31  actor: TerryThomas
movieId: KeA31  actor: James Fox
movieId: KeA31  actor: Alberto Sordi
movieId: KeA31  actor: Gert Frobe
movieId: KeA31  actor: Jeanpierre Cassel
movieId: KeA31  actor: Karl Michael Vogler
movieId: KeA31  actor: Irena Demich
movieId: KeA31  actor: Benny Hill
movieId: KeA31  actor: Flora Robson
movieId: KeA31  actor: Sam Wanamaker
movieId: KeA31  actor: Red Skelton
movieId: KeA31  actor: Fred Emney
movieId: KeA31  actor: Cicely Courtneige
movieId: KeA31  actor: Gordon Jackson
movieId: KeA31  actor: John LeMesurier
movieId: KeA31  actor: Tony Hancock
movieId: KeA31  actor: William Rushton
movieId: KeA32  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: KeA32  actor: Robert Shaw
movieId: KeA32  actor: Robert Ryan
movieId: KeA32  actor: Dana Andrews
movieId: KeA32  actor: George Montgomery
movieId: KeA32  actor: Ty Hardin
movieId: KeA32  actor: Pier Angeli
movieId: KeA32  actor: Telly Savalas
movieId: KeA34  actor: Peter Cook
movieId: KeA34  actor: Dudley Moore
movieId: KeA34  actor: Tony Curtis
movieId: KeA34  actor: Bourvil
movieId: KeA34  actor: Walter Chiari
movieId: KeA34  actor: TerryThomas
movieId: KeA34  actor: Gert Frobe
movieId: KeA34  actor: Susan Hampshire
movieId: KeA34  actor: Jack Hawkins
movieId: KeA34  actor: Eric Sykes
movieId: KeA36  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: KeA36  actor: Michele Mercier
movieId: KeA36  actor: George Eastman
movieId: KeA36  actor: Raymond Harmstorf
movieId: KeA36  actor: s a
movieId: KeA38  actor: Beau Bridges
movieId: KeA38  actor: Sylvia Kristel
movieId: KeA38  actor: Ursula Andress
movieId: KeA38  actor: Lloyd Bridges
movieId: KeA38  actor: Jose Ferrer
movieId: KeA38  actor: Alan Hale~jr.
movieId: KeA38  actor: Rex Harrison
movieId: KeA38  actor: Cornel Wilde
movieId: KeA38  actor: Olivia deHavilland
movieId: KeA38  actor: Ian McShane
movieId: KeA38  actor: Helmut Dantine
movieId: KeA43  actor: Tamil Erin
movieId: KeA43  actor: Eileen Brenner
movieId: KeA43  actor: Diane Hull
movieId: KeA43  actor: John Schuckk
movieId: KeA43  actor: Corey Crow
movieId: KeA43  actor: Dennis Dugan
movieId: KeA43  actor: George diCenzo
movieId: KeA43  actor: Lo Dickinson
movieId: KeA43  actor: Chaub Bailly
movieId: KeA43  actor: Dick vanPatten
movieId: KeA43  actor: Branscombe Highmond
movieId: KeC1  actor: Kevin Costner
movieId: KeC1  actor: Mary McDonnell
movieId: KeC1  actor: Graham Greene
movieId: KeC1  actor: Wes Studi
movieId: KeC1  actor: Rodney A. Grant
movieId: KeC1  actor: Floyd Red Crow Westerman
movieId: KeC1  actor: Tantoo Cardinal
movieId: KeC1  actor: Robert Pastorelli
movieId: KeC1  actor: Charles Rocket
movieId: KeC1  actor: Maric Chapkin
movieId: KeC1  actor: Nathan Lee Chasing His Horse
movieId: KeC1  actor: Donald Hutton
movieId: KeC5  actor: Kevin Costner
movieId: KeC5  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: KeC5  actor: Jean Tripplehorn
movieId: KeC5  actor: Tina Majorina
movieId: KeC7  actor: Kevin Costner
movieId: KeC7  actor: Olivia Williams
movieId: KeD10  actor: Geraldine Fitzgerald
movieId: KeD10  actor: Robert Helpmann
movieId: KeD10  actor: Christopher Pate
movieId: KeD10  actor: Gerard Kennedy
movieId: KeG10  actor: E-than Hawke
movieId: KeG10  actor: Gary Sinise
movieId: KeG10  actor: Frank Whaley
movieId: KeG10  actor: Kevin Dillon
movieId: KeG10  actor: Peter Berg
movieId: KeG10  actor: Arye Gross
movieId: KeG10  actor: John C. McGinley
movieId: KeG10  actor: s a
movieId: KeH10  actor: Joseph C. Phillips
movieId: KeH10  actor: Tommy Davidson
movieId: KeH10  actor: Halle Berry
movieId: KeH10  actor: David Marshall Grant
movieId: KeH10  actor: Anne Marie Johnson
movieId: KeH10  actor: Samuel L. Jackson
movieId: KeR10  actor: Kevin Costner
movieId: KeR10  actor: Morgan Freeman
movieId: KeR10  actor: s a
movieId: KeR10  actor: Alan Rickman
movieId: KeR10  actor: Nick Brimble
movieId: KeR10  actor: Michael McShane
movieId: KeR10  actor: Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio
movieId: KeR10  actor: Christian Slater
movieId: KeR10  actor: Michael Wincott
movieId: KeR10  actor: Brin Blessed
movieId: KeS10  actor: Chevy Chase
movieId: KeS10  actor: Mary Kay Place
movieId: KeS10  actor: Patti DArbanville
movieId: KeS10  actor: Nell Carter
movieId: KeS10  actor: Dabney Cole
movieId: KFi10  actor: Robert Hays
movieId: KFi10  actor: Lloyd Bridges
movieId: KFi10  actor: Julie Hagerty
movieId: KFi10  actor: William Shatner
movieId: KFi10  actor: Raymond Burr
movieId: KFi10  actor: Chuck Connors
movieId: KFi10  actor: Leslie Nielsen
movieId: KFi10  actor: Rip Torn
movieId: KFi10  actor: John Dehner
movieId: KFi10  actor: Chad Everett
movieId: KFi10  actor: Peter Graves
movieId: KFi10  actor: Stephen Stucker
movieId: KFi10  actor: Sonny Bono
movieId: KFi10  actor: Herve Villechaize
movieId: KFi10  actor: s a
movieId: KFr1  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: KFr1  actor: Zita Johann
movieId: KFr1  actor: Bramwell Fletcher
movieId: KFr1  actor: David Manners
movieId: KFr1  actor: Arthur Byron
movieId: KFr1  actor: Noble Johnson
movieId: KFr1  actor: Leonard Mudie
movieId: KFr1  actor: Edward VanSloan
movieId: KFr1  actor: James Crane
movieId: KFr1  actor: Henry Victor
movieId: KFr10  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: KFr10  actor: Frances Drake
movieId: KFr10  actor: Colin Clive
movieId: KFr10  actor: Ted Healy
movieId: KFr10  actor: Keye Luke
movieId: KFr10  actor: Billy Gilbert
movieId: KFu10  actor: Akihiro Maruyama
movieId: KFu10  actor: Isao Kimura
movieId: KFu10  actor: Kikko Marsuoka
movieId: KFu10  actor: Kikko Marsuoka
movieId: KFu10  actor: Jun Asami
movieId: KFu10  actor: Jun Asami
movieId: KFu10  actor: Yukio Misayama
movieId: KFu30  actor: Chuck Connors
movieId: KFu30  actor: Glenn Ford
movieId: KFu30  actor: Henry Silva
movieId: KFu30  actor: Bo Svenson
movieId: KFu30  actor: Robert Vaughn
movieId: KFu30  actor: Olivia Hussey
movieId: KFu30  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: KFu30  actor: Sonny Chiba
movieId: KgD10  actor: Jayne Mansfield
movieId: KgD10  actor: Tommy Noonan
movieId: KgD10  actor: Mickey Hargitay
movieId: KgD10  actor: Marie McDonald
movieId: KgD10  actor: Fritz Feld
movieId: KgD10  actor: T.C. Jones
movieId: KgD10  actor: Imogene Coca
movieId: KHe10  actor: Renee Zellweger
movieId: KHe10  actor: Matthew McConaughey
movieId: KHi20  actor: Naito Taketoshi
movieId: KHt1  actor: Youki Kudoh
movieId: KHt1  actor: Yoko Sugi
movieId: KHt1  actor: Akira Takayami
movieId: KHt1  actor: Tamlyn Tomata
movieId: KHt1  actor: Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa
movieId: KHt1  actor: Kati Kurado
movieId: KHt1  actor: Harsuko Otsuka
movieId: KHt1  actor: Warren Fabro
movieId: KHt1  actor: Lito Capino
movieId: KHt1  actor: Christiane Mays
movieId: KHt1  actor: Toshiro Mifune
movieId: KHt5  actor: s a
movieId: KHu13  actor: Lionel Jeffries
movieId: KHu13  actor: s a
movieId: KHu13  actor: s a
movieId: KHu13  actor: s a
movieId: KHu18  actor: Dick VanDyke
movieId: KHu18  actor: Sally Ann Howes
movieId: KHu18  actor: Lionel Jeffries
movieId: KHu18  actor: Robert Helpmann
movieId: KHu18  actor: Gert Frobe
movieId: KHu18  actor: Benny Hill
movieId: KHu19  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: KHu19  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: KHu19  actor: Robert Morley
movieId: KHu19  actor: Dorothy Tutin
movieId: KHu19  actor: Frank Finlay
movieId: KHu19  actor: Timothy Dalton
movieId: KHu19  actor: Patrick Wymakr
movieId: KHu21  actor: Alan Price
movieId: KHu21  actor: Jill Townsend
movieId: KHu21  actor: Joan Collins
movieId: KHu21  actor: Rula Lenska
movieId: KHu22  actor: Mae West
movieId: KHu22  actor: Dom DeLuise
movieId: KHu22  actor: Timothy Dalton
movieId: KHu22  actor: Tony Curtis
movieId: KHu22  actor: Ringo Starr
movieId: KHu22  actor: Alice Cooper
movieId: KHu22  actor: George Hamilton
movieId: KHu22  actor: Keith Moon
movieId: KHu22  actor: Van McCoy
movieId: KHu22  actor: Walter Pidgeon
movieId: KIW10  actor: Keenan Ivory Wyans
movieId: KKw10  actor: Fran Drescher
movieId: KKw10  actor: Timothy Dalton
movieId: KKw10  actor: Patrick Malahide
movieId: KKw10  actor: Lisa Jacub
movieId: KKw10  actor: Lerner
movieId: KKw10  actor: Ian MCNeice
movieId: KKw10  actor: Kyle.T.
movieId: KLe1  actor: Samuael L. Jackson
movieId: KLe1  actor: Jurnee Smollett
movieId: KLe1  actor: Lynn Whitfield
movieId: KLe1  actor: Debbi Morgan
movieId: KLe1  actor: Vondie Curtis Hall
movieId: KLe1  actor: Branford Marsalis
movieId: KLe1  actor: Nicole Carson
movieId: KLo15  actor: Carole White
movieId: KLo15  actor: John Bindon
movieId: KLo15  actor: Terence Stamp
movieId: KLo40  actor: Brian Cox
movieId: KLo40  actor: Frances Mcdorman
movieId: KLo43  actor: Robert Carlyle
movieId: KLo43  actor: Emer McCourt
movieId: KLo43  actor: Ricky Tomlinson
movieId: KLo46  actor: Bruce Jones
movieId: KLo46  actor: Julie Brown
movieId: KLo46  actor: Ricky Tomlinson
movieId: KLo48  actor: Crissy Rock
movieId: KLo48  actor: Vladimir Vega
movieId: KLo51  actor: Ian Hart
movieId: KLo51  actor: s a
movieId: KLo51  actor: Rosana Pastor
movieId: KLo55  actor: s a
movieId: KLo55  actor: s a
movieId: KLo56  actor: Peter Mullan
movieId: KMa10  actor: Hugh Grant
movieId: KMz55  actor: Minosuke Bando
movieId: KMz55  actor: Kinuyo Tanaka
movieId: KMz55  actor: Toshiko IIzuka
movieId: KMz57  actor: Kinuyo Tanaka
movieId: KMz70  actor: Masuyaki Mori
movieId: KMz70  actor: Kyo Machiko
movieId: KMz70  actor: Kinuyo Tanaka
movieId: KMz75  actor: s a
movieId: KMz75  actor: s a
movieId: KMz75  actor: s a
movieId: KMz75  actor: Kinuo Tanaka
movieId: KMz75  actor: s a
movieId: KoI10  actor: Shoji Yasui
movieId: KoI10  actor: Rentaro Mikuni
movieId: KoI10  actor: Tatsuya Mihashi
movieId: KOr1  actor: Christian Bale
movieId: KOr1  actor: David Moscow
movieId: KOr1  actor: Luke Edwards
movieId: KOr1  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: KOr1  actor: AnnMargaret
movieId: KOr1  actor: Kevin Tighe
movieId: KOr2  actor: Bette Midler
movieId: KOr2  actor: Sarah Jessica Parker
movieId: KOr2  actor: Kathy Najimy
movieId: KOr2  actor: Sean Murray
movieId: KOr2  actor: Omri Katz
movieId: KOr2  actor: Vinessa Shaw
movieId: KOr2  actor: Thora Birch
movieId: KPe10  actor: Hilary Swank
movieId: KPe10  actor: Chloe Sevigny
movieId: KrD10  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: KrD10  actor: Mark Lester
movieId: KrD10  actor: Neville Brand
movieId: KrD10  actor: David Stroud
movieId: KrD10  actor: LesleyAnne Down
movieId: KrD10  actor: Phil Brown
movieId: KrK30  actor: Grazyna Szapolowska
movieId: KrK30  actor: Olaf Lubaszenko
movieId: KrK30  actor: Stefania Iwinska
movieId: KrK35  actor: Irene Jacob
movieId: KrK35  actor: Irene Jacob
movieId: KrK35  actor: Jules Dedjko
movieId: KrK35  actor: Nasicaa Rampony
movieId: KrK35  actor: s a
movieId: KrK38  actor: Juliette Binoche
movieId: KrK38  actor: Benoit Regent
movieId: KrK38  actor: s a
movieId: KrK39  actor: Zbigniew Zamachowski
movieId: KrK39  actor: Julie Delpy
movieId: KRu2  actor: Glenda Jackson
movieId: KRu2  actor: Eleanor Bron
movieId: KRu2  actor: Jennie Linden
movieId: KRu2  actor: Alan Bates
movieId: KRu2  actor: Oliver Reed
movieId: KRu4  actor: Vanessa Redgrave
movieId: KRu4  actor: Oliver Reed
movieId: KRu6  actor: Twiggy
movieId: KRu6  actor: Christopher Gable
movieId: KRu6  actor: Tommy Tune
movieId: KRu6  actor: Glenda Jackson
movieId: KRu6  actor: Max adrian
movieId: KRu6  actor: Brian Pringle
movieId: KRu6  actor: Murray Melvin
movieId: KRu6  actor: Moyra Fraser
movieId: KRu6  actor: Georgina Hale
movieId: KRu6  actor: Barbara Windsor
movieId: KRu8  actor: Oliver Reed
movieId: KRu8  actor: AnnMargret
movieId: KRu8  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: KRu8  actor: The Who
movieId: KRu8  actor: Elton John
movieId: KRu8  actor: Eric Clapton
movieId: KRu8  actor: Tina Turner
movieId: KRu8  actor: Victoria Russell
movieId: KRu9  actor: Roger Daltrey
movieId: KRu9  actor: Veronica Quilligan
movieId: KRu9  actor: Sara Kestelman
movieId: KRu9  actor: Paul Nicholas
movieId: KRu9  actor: Fiona Lewis
movieId: KRu9  actor: John Justin
movieId: KRu9  actor: Ringo Strarr
movieId: KRu9  actor: Paul Nicholas
movieId: KRu9  actor: Anulka Dziubinska
movieId: KRu10  actor: Rudolf Nureyev
movieId: KRu10  actor: Leslie Caron
movieId: KRu10  actor: Michelle Phillips
movieId: KRu10  actor: Carol Kane
movieId: KRu10  actor: Anthony Dowall
movieId: KRu10  actor: Felicity Kendall
movieId: KRu10  actor: Huntz Hall
movieId: KRu10  actor: David deKeyser
movieId: KRu10  actor: Alfred Marks
movieId: KRu10  actor: Anton Diffring
movieId: KRu10  actor: Jennie Linden
movieId: KRu10  actor: John Justin
movieId: KRu12  actor: William Hurt
movieId: KRu12  actor: Blair Brown
movieId: KRu12  actor: Charles Haid
movieId: KRu16  actor: Kathleen Turner
movieId: KRu16  actor: Anthony Perkins
movieId: KRu16  actor: John Laughlin
movieId: KRu20  actor: Gabriel Byrne
movieId: KRu20  actor: Julian Sands
movieId: KRu20  actor: Natasha Richardson
movieId: KRu22  actor: Amanda Donohue
movieId: KRu22  actor: s a
movieId: KRu22  actor: Catherine Oxenberg
movieId: KRu22  actor: Sammi Davis
movieId: KRu22  actor: Peter Capaldi
movieId: KRu22  actor: s a
movieId: KRu23  actor: Glenda Jackson
movieId: KRu25  actor: Sammi Davis
movieId: KRu25  actor: Amanda Donohue
movieId: KRu25  actor: Paul McGann
movieId: KRu25  actor: Glenda Jackson
movieId: KRu25  actor: Christopher Gable
movieId: KRu25  actor: David Hemmings
movieId: KRu28  actor: Molly Ringwald
movieId: KRu28  actor: Peter Webb
movieId: KRu28  actor: Melanie Griffith
movieId: KRu28  actor: James Wood
movieId: KRu28  actor: Billy Wilson
movieId: KRu30  actor: Theresa Russell
movieId: KRu32  actor: Richard Dreyfuss
movieId: KRu32  actor: Oliver Reed
movieId: KRu32  actor: Peter Firth
movieId: KRu32  actor: Jeremy Kemp
movieId: KRu32  actor: Brian Blessed
movieId: KRu32  actor: Peter Vaughn
movieId: KRu37  actor: Hetty Baynes
movieId: KRu37  actor: Simon Shepherd
movieId: KRz4  actor: Albert Finney
movieId: KRz4  actor: Shirley Anne Field
movieId: KRz4  actor: Rachel Roberts
movieId: KRz4  actor: Norman Rossington
movieId: KRz4  actor: Hylda Baker
movieId: KRz4  actor: Jeremy Irons
movieId: KRz14  actor: Vanessa Redgrave
movieId: KRz14  actor: David Warner
movieId: KRz14  actor: Robert Stephens
movieId: KRz14  actor: Irene Handl
movieId: KRz14  actor: Newton Blick
movieId: KRz14  actor: Nan Munro
movieId: KRz25  actor: James Caan
movieId: KRz25  actor: Laura Hutton
movieId: KRz25  actor: Morris Carnovsky
movieId: KRz25  actor: Paul Sorvino
movieId: KRz25  actor: Jaqueline Brooks
movieId: KRz25  actor: Burt Young
movieId: KRz32  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: KRz32  actor: Tuesday Weld
movieId: KRz32  actor: Michael Moriarty
movieId: KRz32  actor: Richard Masur
movieId: KRz32  actor: Anthony Zerbe
movieId: KRz32  actor: Ray Sharkey
movieId: KRz36  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: KRz36  actor: Patience Collier
movieId: KRz36  actor: Lynsey Baxter
movieId: KRz36  actor: Hilton McRae
movieId: KRz36  actor: Leo McKern
movieId: KRz36  actor: Charlotte Mitchell
movieId: KRz36  actor: Penelope Wilton
movieId: KRz36  actor: David Warner
movieId: KRz40  actor: Jessica Lange
movieId: KRz40  actor: Jessica Lange
movieId: KRz40  actor: Ed Harris
movieId: KRz40  actor: Ann Wedgeworth
movieId: KRz40  actor: David Clennon
movieId: KRz40  actor: James Staley
movieId: KRz50  actor: Debra Winger
movieId: KRz50  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: KRz50  actor: Frank Military
movieId: KRz50  actor: Kathleen Wilhoite
movieId: KRz50  actor: Will Patton
movieId: KRz50  actor: Frank Converse
movieId: KRz50  actor: Judith Ivey
movieId: KRz50  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: KTI10  actor: Kim Mmyoing-Gon
movieId: KTI10  actor: Oh Jung-Hae
movieId: KTI10  actor: Kim Kyu-Chul
movieId: KSa10  actor: Greg Kinnear
movieId: KSa10  actor: Lauren Holly
movieId: KSh10  actor: James Earl Jones
movieId: KSh10  actor: Lou Gossett~jr.
movieId: KSh10  actor: Cicely Tyson
movieId: KSh10  actor: Glynn Turman
movieId: KSh10  actor: Roger E. Mosley
movieId: KSm1  actor: Brian OHalleran
movieId: KSm3  actor: Ben Affleck
movieId: KSm3  actor: Joey Lauren Adams
movieId: KSm5  actor: Matt Damon
movieId: KSm5  actor: Ben Affleck
movieId: KSm5  actor: Alan Rickman
movieId: KSm5  actor: Chris Rock
movieId: KSm5  actor: Jason Lee
movieId: KSm5  actor: Selma Hayek
movieId: KSm5  actor: Linda Fiorintino
movieId: KSm5  actor: Jason Mewes
movieId: KSm5  actor: Kevin Smith
movieId: KSm5  actor: Alanis Morissitte
movieId: KSm5  actor: George Carlin
movieId: KSp1  actor: Matt Dillon
movieId: KSp1  actor: Gary Sinise
movieId: KSp1  actor: William Fichtner
movieId: KSp1  actor: Faye Danaway
movieId: KSp1  actor: M.Emmet Walsh
movieId: KSR20  actor: Christina Applegate
movieId: KSR30  actor: Christina Applegate
movieId: KSR30  actor: David Mendenhall
movieId: KSR30  actor: Alan Stock
movieId: KSR30  actor: Eb Lottimer
movieId: KSR35  actor: Tom Skerritt
movieId: KSR35  actor: Sara Gilbert
movieId: KSR35  actor: Cheryl Ladd
movieId: KSR35  actor: Drew Barrymore
movieId: KSt10  actor: Ray Sharkey
movieId: KSt10  actor: David Beecroft
movieId: KSt10  actor: Michael Chiklis
movieId: KSt10  actor: Tania Coleridge
movieId: KSt10  actor: Woody Brown
movieId: KSt10  actor: Bill LaValee
movieId: KSt10  actor: Maria Ford
movieId: KSt10  actor: Ellen Gaffin
movieId: KuA10  actor: Lorenzo Lauder
movieId: KuA10  actor: Mathias Hues
movieId: KuA10  actor: Cyndi Pass
movieId: KuA10  actor: Brook Gardener
movieId: KuA10  actor: Judd Omes
movieId: KuA10  actor: Whip Hutley
movieId: KuF10  actor: Max Haufler
movieId: KuF10  actor: Ruedi Walter
movieId: KuF10  actor: Zarli Cariget
movieId: KuF10  actor: Hannes Schmidhauser
movieId: KuF10  actor: Ursula Heyer
movieId: KuF10  actor: Margrit Rainer
movieId: KuF10  actor: Ettore Cella
movieId: KuF10  actor: Helmut Fornbacher
movieId: KuF10  actor: Fred Tanner
movieId: KuF11  actor: Hannes Schmidhauser
movieId: KuF11  actor: Liselotte POulver
movieId: KuN4  actor: Clyde Beatty
movieId: KuN4  actor: Andy Devine
movieId: KuN4  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: KuN4  actor: Anita Page
movieId: KuN4  actor: Vince Barnett
movieId: KuN4  actor: Wallace Ford
movieId: KuN4  actor: Raymond Hatton
movieId: KuN5  actor: Lionel Atwill
movieId: KuN5  actor: Gloria Stuart
movieId: KuN5  actor: Edward Arnold
movieId: KuN5  actor: Paul Lukas
movieId: KuN12  actor: Anna May Wong
movieId: KuN12  actor: Broderick Crawford
movieId: KuN12  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: KuN12  actor: J.Carol Naish
movieId: KuN14  actor: David Hedison
movieId: KuN14  actor: Patricia Owens
movieId: KuN14  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: KuN14  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: KuN14  actor: Kathleen Freeman
movieId: KuN30  actor: Johnny Weissmuller
movieId: KuN30  actor: Brenda Joyce
movieId: KuN30  actor: Johnny Sheffield
movieId: KuN30  actor: Maria Ouspenskaya
movieId: KuN30  actor: Barton Maclane
movieId: KuN33  actor: Johnny Weissmuller
movieId: KuN33  actor: Acquanetta
movieId: KuN33  actor: Brenda Joyce
movieId: KuN33  actor: Edgar Barrier
movieId: KuN33  actor: Dennis Hoey
movieId: KuN36  actor: Johnny Weissmuller
movieId: KuN36  actor: Barton Maclane
movieId: KuN36  actor: Johnny Sheffield
movieId: KuN36  actor: Patricia Morrison
movieId: KuN40  actor: Tony Curtis
movieId: KuN40  actor: Piper Laurie
movieId: KuN40  actor: Victor Joy
movieId: KuN40  actor: Morris Ankrum
movieId: KuN40  actor: Susan Cabot
movieId: KuN40  actor: William Reynolds
movieId: KuN40  actor: Hugh OBrian
movieId: KuN40  actor: Philip VanZandt
movieId: KuN42  actor: Lex Barker
movieId: KuN42  actor: Monique vanVoren
movieId: KuN42  actor: Joyce McKenzie
movieId: KuN42  actor: Robert Bice
movieId: KuN42  actor: Raymond Burr
movieId: KuN42  actor: Mike Ross
movieId: KuN42  actor: Henry Brandon
movieId: KuN42  actor: Michael Grainger
movieId: KuN42  actor: Tom Conway
movieId: KuN45  actor: Anne Baxter
movieId: KuN45  actor: Steve Cochram
movieId: KuN45  actor: Lyle Bettger
movieId: KuN45  actor: George Nader
movieId: KuN45  actor: Jay C. Flippen
movieId: KuN45  actor: Helene Stanley
movieId: KuN45  actor: Adi Berber
movieId: KuN46  actor: Eva Bartok
movieId: KuN46  actor: Curt Jurgens
movieId: KuN46  actor: Bernhard Wicki
movieId: KuN49  actor: Lex Barker
movieId: KuN49  actor: Rita Moreno
movieId: KuN49  actor: Forrest Tucker
movieId: KuN49  actor: Cathy ODonnell
movieId: KuN49  actor: Jay C. Flippen
movieId: KuN49  actor: Carlos Rivas
movieId: KuN50  actor: Al Hedison
movieId: KuN50  actor: Patricia Owens
movieId: KuN50  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: KuN50  actor: Philip Delambre
movieId: KuN50  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: KuN50  actor: Betty Lou Gerson
movieId: KV23  actor: John Gilbert
movieId: KV24  actor: Lillian Gish
movieId: KV24  actor: John Gilbert
movieId: KV24  actor: Rennee Adoree
movieId: KV24  actor: Edward Everett Horton
movieId: KV25  actor: Marion Davies
movieId: KV25  actor: Marie Drssler
movieId: KV25  actor: Lawrence Gray
movieId: KV25  actor: Del Henderson
movieId: KV25  actor: Jane Winton
movieId: KV26  actor: James Murray
movieId: KV26  actor: Eleanor Boardman
movieId: KV26  actor: Bert Roach
movieId: KV26  actor: Estelle Clark
movieId: KV27  actor: Marion Davis
movieId: KV27  actor: William Haines
movieId: KV27  actor: Dell Henderson
movieId: KV27  actor: Polly Moran
movieId: KV27  actor: Harry Gibbon
movieId: KV27  actor: Mae Murray
movieId: KV27  actor: Charles Chaplin
movieId: KV27  actor: Douglas Fairbanks
movieId: KV27  actor: Elinor Glyn
movieId: KV32  actor: Wallace Beery
movieId: KV32  actor: Jackie Cooper
movieId: KV34  actor: Joel McCrea
movieId: KV34  actor: John Halliday
movieId: KV34  actor: Dolores delRio
movieId: KV38  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: KV38  actor: Anna Sten
movieId: KV38  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: KV38  actor: Helen Vinson
movieId: KV38  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: KV38  actor: Esther Dale
movieId: KV40  actor: Barbara Stanwyk
movieId: KV40  actor: John Boles
movieId: KV40  actor: Anne Shirley
movieId: KV40  actor: Barbara ONeil
movieId: KV40  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: KV40  actor: Marjorie Main
movieId: KV40  actor: Tim Holt
movieId: KV40  actor: Nella Walker
movieId: KV40  actor: Ann Shoemaker
movieId: KV40  actor: Laraine Day
movieId: KV42  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: KV42  actor: Robert Young
movieId: KV42  actor: Ruth Hussey
movieId: KV42  actor: Hank Worden
movieId: KV43  actor: Brian Aherne
movieId: KV43  actor: Madelaine Carroll
movieId: KV43  actor: Louis Hayward
movieId: KV43  actor: Laraine Day
movieId: KV43  actor: Henry Hull
movieId: KV50  actor: Brian Donlevy
movieId: KV50  actor: Ann Richards
movieId: KV50  actor: John Qualen
movieId: KV50  actor: Walter Abel
movieId: KV50  actor: Stephen McNally
movieId: KV54  actor: Rita Hayworth
movieId: KV54  actor: Nan Wynn
movieId: KV54  actor: Gene Kelly
movieId: KV54  actor: Phil Silvers
movieId: KV54  actor: Lee Bowman
movieId: KV54  actor: Otto Kruger
movieId: KV54  actor: Eve Arden
movieId: KV54  actor: Edward Brophy
movieId: KV54  actor: Jinx Falkenburg
movieId: KV55  actor: Irene Dunne
movieId: KV55  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: KV55  actor: Charles Coburn
movieId: KV55  actor: Mona Freeman
movieId: KV55  actor: Elizabeth Patterson
movieId: KV56  actor: Jennifer Jones
movieId: KV56  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: KV56  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: KV56  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: KV56  actor: Lillian Gish
movieId: KV56  actor: Walter Huston
movieId: KV56  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: KV56  actor: Charles Bickford
movieId: KV56  actor: Tilly Losch
movieId: KV56  actor: Joan Tetzel
movieId: KV56  actor: Harry Carey
movieId: KV56  actor: Otto Kruger
movieId: KV56  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: KV58  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: KV58  actor: Patricia Neal
movieId: KV58  actor: Raymond Massey
movieId: KV58  actor: Kent Smith
movieId: KV58  actor: Robert Douglas
movieId: KV58  actor: Henry Hull
movieId: KV58  actor: Ray Collins
movieId: KV58  actor: Moroni Olson
movieId: KV58  actor: Jerome Cowan
movieId: KV59  actor: Betty Davis
movieId: KV59  actor: Joseph Cotton
movieId: KV59  actor: David Brian
movieId: KV59  actor: Minor Watson
movieId: KV59  actor: Ruth Roman
movieId: KV59  actor: Dona Drake
movieId: KV59  actor: Regis Tomey
movieId: KV60  actor: Jennifer Jones
movieId: KV60  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: KV60  actor: Karl Malden
movieId: KV60  actor: Josephine Hutchinson
movieId: KV61  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: KV61  actor: Jeanne Crain
movieId: KV61  actor: Claire Trevor
movieId: KV61  actor: William Campbell
movieId: KV61  actor: Jay C. Flippen
movieId: KV61  actor: Mara Corday
movieId: KV61  actor: Richard Boone
movieId: KV61  actor: Jack Crain
movieId: KV62  actor: Doris Day
movieId: KV62  actor: Jimmy Cagney
movieId: KV62  actor: Cameron Mitchell
movieId: KV62  actor: Robert Keith
movieId: KV62  actor: Tom Tully
movieId: KV62  actor: Harry Bellaver
movieId: KV62  actor: Richard Gaines
movieId: KV64  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: KV64  actor: Audrey Hepburn
movieId: KV64  actor: Mel Ferrer
movieId: KV64  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: KV64  actor: Oscar Homolka
movieId: KV64  actor: Vittoria Gassman
movieId: KV64  actor: Anita Ekberg
movieId: KvR10  actor: Linda Hunt
movieId: KvR10  actor: s a
movieId: KvR10  actor: George Morfogen
movieId: KvR10  actor: Brendan Fraser
movieId: KvR10  actor: Melora Walters
movieId: KvR10  actor: Elizabeth Shue
movieId: KvR10  actor: s a
movieId: KvR10  actor: Spalding Gray
movieId: KvR10  actor: Gladys Knight
movieId: KvR10  actor: Kamal Holloway
movieId: KvR10  actor: Chistopher Lloyd
movieId: KvR10  actor: Steve Buscemi
movieId: KvY10  actor: Doug Bradley
movieId: KW10  actor: Lauren Tewes
movieId: KW10  actor: Jennifer Jason Leigh
movieId: KWW8  actor: Takesi Kaneshiro
movieId: KWW8  actor: Tony Leung ChinWei
movieId: KWW8  actor: Brigitte Lin ChinHsia
movieId: KWW8  actor: Faye Wang
movieId: KWW10  actor: Tony Leung ChiuWai
movieId: KWW10  actor: Leslie Cheung KwokWing
movieId: KWW14  actor: Mark Wahlberg
movieId: KWW14  actor: Christina Applegate
movieId: KWW14  actor: s a
movieId: KWW14  actor: Elliot Gould
movieId: KWW14  actor: Lanie Kazan
movieId: KWW14  actor: Lou Diamond Phillips
movieId: KWW16  actor: Tony Leung ChiuWai
movieId: KZs18  actor: Edward Zentara
movieId: KZs18  actor: Christoph Waltz
movieId: KZs18  actor: Artur Barcis
movieId: LaB10  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: LaB10  actor: Lee Marvin
movieId: LaB10  actor: Mary Murphy
movieId: LaB10  actor: Robert Keith
movieId: LaB10  actor: Jay C. Flippen
movieId: LaB10  actor: Ray Teal
movieId: LaB30  actor: Joan Hackett
movieId: LaB30  actor: John Larkin
movieId: LaB31  actor: Steven Hill
movieId: LaB31  actor: Angie Dickinson
movieId: LaC20  actor: Eric Portman
movieId: LaC20  actor: Flora Robson
movieId: LaC20  actor: Sheila Sim
movieId: LaC20  actor: Isabel Jeans
movieId: LaC20  actor: Walter Fitzgerald
movieId: LaC20  actor: Philip Friend
movieId: LaC20  actor: Sally Grey
movieId: LaC25  actor: Derek Farr
movieId: LaC25  actor: Stephen Murray
movieId: LaC25  actor: Nigel Patrick
movieId: LaC25  actor: Seymour Hicks
movieId: LaC35  actor: Richard Attenborough
movieId: LaC35  actor: Derek Farr
movieId: LaC35  actor: Cathy ODonnell
movieId: LaC35  actor: Ian Hunter
movieId: LaC35  actor: Maurice Denham
movieId: LaC35  actor: Bruce Seton
movieId: LaC35  actor: Harry Welchman
movieId: LaC35  actor: Kynsta Geer
movieId: LaH10  actor: Edward vanSloan
movieId: LaH10  actor: Gloria Holden
movieId: LaH10  actor: Irving Pichel
movieId: LaH10  actor: Marguerite Churchill
movieId: LaH10  actor: Otto Kruger
movieId: LaH10  actor: Hedda Hopper
movieId: LaH10  actor: Nan Grey
movieId: LaJ13  actor: Margaux Hemingway
movieId: LaJ13  actor: Chris Sarandon
movieId: LaJ13  actor: Anne Bancroft
movieId: LaJ13  actor: Perry King
movieId: LaJ13  actor: Mariel Hemingway
movieId: LaJ13  actor: Robin Gammell
movieId: LaJ18  actor: Joanne Woodward
movieId: LaJ18  actor: Charles Durning
movieId: LaJ18  actor: Henderson Forsythe
movieId: LaJ18  actor: William Russ
movieId: LaJ20  actor: Peter Strauss
movieId: LaJ20  actor: Molly Ringwald
movieId: LaJ20  actor: Michael Ironside
movieId: LaJ20  actor: Andrea Marcovicci
movieId: LaJ20  actor: Ernie Hudson
movieId: LAl2  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: LAl2  actor: Ruth Hussey
movieId: LAl2  actor: Gail Russell
movieId: LAl2  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: LAl2  actor: Cornelia Otis Skinner
movieId: LAl2  actor: Dorothy Stickney
movieId: LAl2  actor: Barbara Everest
movieId: LAl2  actor: Alan Napier
movieId: LAl4  actor: Joel McCrea
movieId: LAl4  actor: Gail Russell
movieId: LAl4  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: LAl4  actor: Richard Lyon
movieId: LAl4  actor: Nona Griffith
movieId: LAl17  actor: Lana Turner
movieId: LAl17  actor: Barry Sullivan
movieId: LAl17  actor: Glynis Johns
movieId: LAl17  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: LaK1  actor: Kathleen Turner
movieId: LaK1  actor: William Hurt
movieId: LaK1  actor: Richard Crema
movieId: LaK1  actor: Ted Danson
movieId: LaK1  actor: s a
movieId: LaK2  actor: Tom Berenger
movieId: LaK2  actor: Glenn Close
movieId: LaK2  actor: Jeff Goldblum
movieId: LaK2  actor: William Hurt
movieId: LaK2  actor: Kevin Kline
movieId: LaK2  actor: Mary Kay Place
movieId: LaK2  actor: Meg Tilly
movieId: LaK2  actor: JoBeth Williams
movieId: LaK2  actor: Don Galloway
movieId: LaK9  actor: Kevin Costner
movieId: LaK9  actor: Kevin Kline
movieId: LaK9  actor: Danny Glover
movieId: LaK13  actor: William Hurt
movieId: LaK13  actor: Kathleen Turner
movieId: LaK13  actor: Geena Davis
movieId: LaK13  actor: Amy Wright
movieId: LaK13  actor: Ed Begley~jr
movieId: LaK13  actor: David Ogden Stiers
movieId: LaK13  actor: Bill Pullman
movieId: LaK13  actor: Robert Gorman
movieId: LaK13  actor: Meg Kasdan
movieId: LaK13  actor: Jonathan Kasdan
movieId: LaK14  actor: Tracey Ullman
movieId: LaK14  actor: Kevin Kline
movieId: LaK14  actor: Joan Plowright
movieId: LaK14  actor: William Hurt
movieId: LaK14  actor: Keanu Reeves
movieId: LaK14  actor: Phoebe Cates
movieId: LaK14  actor: Miriam Margolyes
movieId: LaK14  actor: River Phoenix
movieId: LaK15  actor: Kevin Kline
movieId: LaK15  actor: Danny Glover
movieId: LaK15  actor: Alfre Woodard
movieId: LaK15  actor: MarieLouise Parker
movieId: LaK15  actor: Steve Martin
movieId: LaK15  actor: Mary McDonnell
movieId: LaK16  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: LaK16  actor: Kevin Kline
movieId: LaK18  actor: Kevin Kostner
movieId: LaK18  actor: Dennis Quaid
movieId: LaK18  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: LaK18  actor: Jeff Fahey
movieId: LaK18  actor: Mark Harmon
movieId: LaK18  actor: Mare Winningham
movieId: LaK18  actor: Michael Madsen
movieId: LaK18  actor: Linden Ashby
movieId: LaK18  actor: Catherine OHara
movieId: LaK18  actor: Annabeth Gish
movieId: LaK18  actor: Bill Pullman
movieId: LaK18  actor: Isabella Rosselini
movieId: LaK18  actor: JoeBeth Williams
movieId: LaK18  actor: Tom Sizemore
movieId: LAn1  actor: Peter Ustinov
movieId: LAn1  actor: Faye Dunaway
movieId: LAn1  actor: David Suchet
movieId: LAr2  actor: Margaret Lockwood
movieId: LAr2  actor: James Mason
movieId: LAr2  actor: Phyllis Calvert
movieId: LAr2  actor: Stewart Granger
movieId: LAr4  actor: Margaret Lockwood
movieId: LAr4  actor: James Mason
movieId: LAr4  actor: Griffith Jones
movieId: LAr4  actor: Patricia Roc
movieId: LAr4  actor: Michael Rennie
movieId: LAr4  actor: Enid StampTaylor
movieId: LAr4  actor: Felix Aylmer
movieId: LAr4  actor: Marita Hunt
movieId: LAr4  actor: David Horne
movieId: LAr8  actor: Diana Dors
movieId: LaW10  actor: Gladys Hulette
movieId: LaW10  actor: Arthur Housmaan
movieId: LaW10  actor: Yale Benner
movieId: LaW10  actor: Ben Turbett
movieId: LaW10  actor: George Melville
movieId: LaW10  actor: William Burgess
movieId: LB1  actor: Pierre Batcheff
movieId: LB1  actor: Simone Mateuil
movieId: LB1  actor: Salvador Dali
movieId: LB1  actor: Luis Bunuel
movieId: LB2  actor: Gaston Morlot
movieId: LB2  actor: Lya Lys
movieId: LB2  actor: Max Ernst
movieId: LB2  actor: Pierre Pr\'evert
movieId: LB2  actor: Jaques Brunius
movieId: LB9  actor: Andres Soler
movieId: LB9  actor: s a
movieId: LB9  actor: Rosario Granados
movieId: LB9  actor: s a
movieId: LB9  actor: s a
movieId: LB13  actor: Dan OHerlihy
movieId: LB13  actor: James Fernandez
movieId: LB14  actor: Arturo deCordova
movieId: LB14  actor: Delia Garces
movieId: LB14  actor: Luis Beristain
movieId: LB14  actor: Aurora Walker
movieId: LB18  actor: Maria Felix
movieId: LB19  actor: Francisco Rabal
movieId: LB19  actor: s a
movieId: LB24  actor: Francisco Rabal
movieId: LB24  actor: Silvia Pinal
movieId: LB25  actor: Silvia Pinal
movieId: LB25  actor: Enrique Rambal
movieId: LB25  actor: Jaqueline Andere
movieId: LB25  actor: Jose Baviera
movieId: LB26  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: LB26  actor: Georges Geret
movieId: LB26  actor: Michel Piccoli
movieId: LB26  actor: Francoise Lugagne
movieId: LB27  actor: Claudio Brook
movieId: LB27  actor: Silvia Pal
movieId: LB28  actor: Catherine Deneuve
movieId: LB30  actor: Laurent Terzieff
movieId: LB30  actor: Paul Frankeur
movieId: LB30  actor: Delphine Seyrig
movieId: LB30  actor: Edith Scon
movieId: LB30  actor: Michel Piccoli
movieId: LB30  actor: Alain Cuny
movieId: LB32  actor: Fernando Rey
movieId: LB32  actor: Catherine Deneuve
movieId: LB33  actor: Stephane Audran
movieId: LB33  actor: Julien Bertheau
movieId: LB33  actor: Fernando Rey
movieId: LB33  actor: Delphine Seyrig
movieId: LB33  actor: JeanPierre Cassel
movieId: LB33  actor: Paul Frankeur
movieId: LB33  actor: Bulle Ogier
movieId: LB33  actor: Milena Vukovic
movieId: LB33  actor: Claude Pieplu
movieId: LB33  actor: Michel Piccoli
movieId: LB34  actor: Monica Vitti
movieId: LB34  actor: JeanClaude Brialy
movieId: LB34  actor: Adraina Asti
movieId: LB35  actor: Fernando Rey
movieId: LB35  actor: Carole Bouquet
movieId: LB35  actor: Angela Molina
movieId: LBe10  actor: Anne Parillaud
movieId: LBe10  actor: JeanHughes Anglade
movieId: LBe10  actor: Tcheky Karyo
movieId: LBe10  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: LBe10  actor: Jaques Boudet
movieId: LBe10  actor: Jean Moore
movieId: LBe10  actor: Jerry Ramos
movieId: LBe10  actor: Robert Blanche
movieId: LBe15  actor: Jean Reno
movieId: LBe15  actor: Natalie Portman
movieId: LBe15  actor: Eric Serra
movieId: LBe16  actor: s a
movieId: LBe16  actor: Tcheka
movieId: LBF10  actor: Isabelle Huppert
movieId: LBF10  actor: Lolita Chammah
movieId: LBu1  actor: Carol Marsh
movieId: LBu1  actor: Stephen Murray
movieId: LBu1  actor: Pamela Brown
movieId: LBu1  actor: Felix Aylmer
movieId: LBn10  actor: John Agar
movieId: LBn10  actor: Anthony Huston
movieId: LBn10  actor: s a
movieId: LBn30  actor: Jenny Neumann
movieId: LBn30  actor: Barbara Leigh
movieId: LBv10  actor: Sam Bernard
movieId: LBv10  actor: Natan Zahavi
movieId: LBx4  actor: Lucas Belvaux
movieId: LBx4  actor: Dominque Blanc
movieId: LBx4  actor: Ornella Muti
movieId: LBx5  actor: Ornella Muti
movieId: LBx5  actor: Francois Morel
movieId: LBx5  actor: Gilbert Melki
movieId: LBx5  actor: Dominque Blanc
movieId: LBx5  actor: Lucas Belvaux
movieId: LBx6  actor: Dominque Blanc
movieId: LBx6  actor: Gilbert Melki
movieId: LBx6  actor: Dominque Blanc
movieId: LBx6  actor: Ornella Muti
movieId: LBx6  actor: Bernard Mazzinghi
movieId: LBx6  actor: Lucas Belvaux
movieId: LCa10  actor: Denis Lavant
movieId: LCa10  actor: s a
movieId: LCa10  actor: Michel Piccoli
movieId: LCa10  actor: Juliette Binoche
movieId: LCa14  actor: Juliette Binoche
movieId: LCa14  actor: Denis Lavant
movieId: LCh1  actor: Yaphet Kotto
movieId: LCh1  actor: Andrew Duggan
movieId: LCh1  actor: Joyce vanPatten
movieId: LCh2  actor: Fred Williamson
movieId: LCh2  actor: a s
movieId: LCh5  actor: s a
movieId: LCh14  actor: Andy Kaufman
movieId: LCh14  actor: s a
movieId: LCh15  actor: Broderick Crawford
movieId: LCh15  actor: Jose Ferrer
movieId: LCh15  actor: Michael Parks
movieId: LCh15  actor: Ronee Blakelee
movieId: LCh15  actor: Rip Torn
movieId: LCh15  actor: Celeste Holm
movieId: LCh15  actor: Dan Dailey
movieId: LCh15  actor: Raymond St.Jaques
movieId: LCh15  actor: Howard daSilva
movieId: LCh15  actor: June Havoc
movieId: LCh15  actor: John Marley
movieId: LCh15  actor: Andrew Duggan
movieId: LCh15  actor: Lloyd Nolan
movieId: LCh25  actor: Michael Moriarty
movieId: LCh25  actor: Candy Clark
movieId: LCh25  actor: David Carradine
movieId: LCh25  actor: Richard Roundtree
movieId: LCh25  actor: Ed Kovens
movieId: LCh31  actor: Samuel Fuller
movieId: LCh39  actor: Eric Roberts
movieId: LCh39  actor: James Earl Jones
movieId: LCh39  actor: Janine Turner
movieId: LCh39  actor: Megan Gallagher
movieId: LCh39  actor: Red Buttons
movieId: LCh39  actor: Eric Braeden
movieId: LCh45  actor: Kim Basinger
movieId: LCl10  actor: Ally Sheedy
movieId: LCl10  actor: Patricia Clarkson
movieId: LCl10  actor: Radha Mitchell
movieId: LCl10  actor: s a
movieId: LCo10  actor: Lou Ferrigno
movieId: LCo10  actor: Sybil Danning
movieId: LCo10  actor: Brad Harris
movieId: LCo10  actor: William Berger
movieId: LCo10  actor: Ingrid Anderson
movieId: LCo10  actor: Mirella DAngelo
movieId: LCo10  actor: Rossana Podesta
movieId: LcP15  actor: s a
movieId: LcP15  actor: s a
movieId: LcP15  actor: s a
movieId: LCs10  actor: Ralph Byrd
movieId: LCs10  actor: George Reeves
movieId: LCs10  actor: Wanda McKay
movieId: LCs10  actor: Armida
movieId: LDc5  actor: Eve Francis
movieId: LDF10  actor: Jimmie VanPatten
movieId: LDF10  actor: Tom Reilly
movieId: LDF10  actor: Ed DeStefane
movieId: LDF10  actor: Mike Norris
movieId: LDF10  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: LDF10  actor: Lynda Day George
movieId: LDF10  actor: Richard Roundtree
movieId: LDo10  actor: Sophia Adella Hernandez
movieId: LDo10  actor: Fredia Gibbs
movieId: LDo10  actor: Maria Conchito Alonso
movieId: LDo10  actor: Tony Plana
movieId: LeG12  actor: Donald woods
movieId: LeG12  actor: Lupe Velez
movieId: LeG12  actor: Leon Errol
movieId: LeG12  actor: Leon Errol
movieId: LeG23  actor: Lon Chaney
movieId: LeG33  actor: Joe E. Brown
movieId: LeG33  actor: June Havoc
movieId: LeG36  actor: Lon Channey
movieId: LeG36  actor: Virginia Christine
movieId: LeG36  actor: Peter Coe
movieId: LeG36  actor: Martin Kosleck
movieId: LeG36  actor: Kay Harding
movieId: LeG36  actor: Kurt Hatch
movieId: LeG36  actor: Holmes Herbert
movieId: LeG40  actor: Buddy Hackett
movieId: LeG40  actor: Spike Jones
movieId: LeG40  actor: Adele Jergens
movieId: LeG40  actor: Hugh OBrian
movieId: Leh10  actor: Kent Smith
movieId: Leh10  actor: Jane Greer
movieId: Leh10  actor: Robert Webber
movieId: Leh20  actor: Ed Gardner
movieId: Leh20  actor: John Fiedler
movieId: Leh21  actor: Howard Duff
movieId: Leh21  actor: Dan Dailey
movieId: Leh21  actor: Jan Sterling
movieId: Leh21  actor: s a
movieId: LeJ8  actor: Barbara Stanwyk
movieId: LeJ8  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: LeJ8  actor: Sam Levine
movieId: LeJ8  actor: Hattie McDaniel
movieId: LeJ8  actor: Stanley Ridges
movieId: LeJ8  actor: Miles Mander
movieId: LeJ8  actor: Whitney Bourne
movieId: LeJ10  actor: Joan Blondell
movieId: LeJ10  actor: s a
movieId: LeJ10  actor: John Wayne
movieId: LeJ10  actor: Ray Middleton
movieId: LeJ10  actor: Philip Merivale
movieId: LeJ10  actor: Blanche Yurka
movieId: LeJ10  actor: Edith Barrett
movieId: LeJ10  actor: Leonid Kinsky
movieId: LeJ10  actor: Montagu Love
movieId: LeJ10  actor: s a
movieId: LeJ10  actor: Minerva Urecal
movieId: LeJ10  actor: Betty Hill
movieId: LeJ10  actor: s a
movieId: LeJ10  actor: s a
movieId: LeJ10  actor: Lou Payton
movieId: LeJ10  actor: Dorothy Burgess
movieId: LeJ10  actor: Patricia Knox
movieId: LeJ10  actor: Margeret Armstrong
movieId: LeJ10  actor: Gertrude Astor
movieId: LeJ10  actor: Dolores Gray
movieId: LeJ12  actor: Joan Blondell
movieId: LeJ12  actor: Binnie Barnes
movieId: LeJ12  actor: Janet Blair
movieId: LeJ12  actor: John Howard
movieId: LeJ12  actor: Robert Benchley
movieId: LeJ12  actor: Eric Blore
movieId: LeJ12  actor: Una OConnor
movieId: LeK10  actor: Farley Granger
movieId: LeK10  actor: Ann Miller
movieId: LeK10  actor: S.Z. Sakall
movieId: LeK10  actor: Robert Keith
movieId: LeK10  actor: Fay Wray
movieId: LeK10  actor: Billie Burke
movieId: LeK10  actor: Nat King Cole
movieId: LeK10  actor: Dean Miller
movieId: LeK10  actor: William Campbell
movieId: LeN3  actor: William Shatner
movieId: LeN3  actor: Leonard Nimoy
movieId: LeN3  actor: DeForest Kelley
movieId: LeN3  actor: James Doohan
movieId: LeN3  actor: Walter Koenig
movieId: LeN3  actor: Michelle Nichols
movieId: LeN3  actor: Mark Lenard
movieId: LeN3  actor: George Takei
movieId: LeN3  actor: Judith Anderson
movieId: LeN3  actor: John Laroquette
movieId: LeN3  actor: Robin Curtis
movieId: LeN3  actor: Robert Hooks
movieId: LeN3  actor: James B. Sikking
movieId: LeN4  actor: William Shatner
movieId: LeN4  actor: Leonard Nimoy
movieId: LeN4  actor: Catherine Hicks
movieId: LeN4  actor: DeForest Kelley
movieId: LeN4  actor: Robert Ellenstein
movieId: LeN4  actor: Brock Peters
movieId: LeN4  actor: Nichelle Nichols
movieId: LeN4  actor: John Schuck
movieId: LeN4  actor: Jane Wyatt
movieId: LeN4  actor: George Takai
movieId: LeN4  actor: Walter Koenig
movieId: LeN8  actor: Tom Selleck
movieId: LeN8  actor: Steve Guttenberg
movieId: LeN8  actor: Ted Danson
movieId: LeN8  actor: sa
movieId: LeN8  actor: Nancy Travis
movieId: LeN8  actor: Margaret Colin
movieId: LeN8  actor: Celeste Holm
movieId: LeN8  actor: Paul Guilfoyle
movieId: LeN10  actor: Diane Keaton
movieId: LeN10  actor: James Naughton
movieId: LeN10  actor: Liam Neeson
movieId: LeN10  actor: Asia Viera
movieId: LeN10  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: LeN10  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: LeN10  actor: Teresa Wright
movieId: LeN10  actor: Tracy Griffith
movieId: LeN12  actor: Gene Wilder
movieId: LeN12  actor: Christine Lahti
movieId: LeN12  actor: Mary Stuart Masterson
movieId: LeN12  actor: Robert Prosky
movieId: LeN12  actor: Stephen Tabolowsky
movieId: LeN12  actor: Anne Jackson
movieId: LeN12  actor: Jean deBaer
movieId: LeN12  actor: Susan Ruttan
movieId: LeN12  actor: David Margulies
movieId: LeN12  actor: Freda Fon Shen
movieId: LeN12  actor: Robert Gorman
movieId: LeP10  actor: Barry Nelson
movieId: LeP10  actor: Edward Andrews
movieId: LeP10  actor: Patricia Breslin
movieId: LeP10  actor: Richard Dawson
movieId: LeP10  actor: s a
movieId: LeP10  actor: Richard Slattery
movieId: LeR5  actor: Leni Riefenstahl
movieId: LeR15  actor: Jesse Owens
movieId: LeR25  actor: Leni Riefenstahl
movieId: LeS80  actor: Jim Abbott
movieId: LeS80  actor: Peggy Stuart
movieId: LeS80  actor: Grant Withers
movieId: LeS80  actor: Charles Gordon
movieId: LeS100  actor: Roland Winters
movieId: LeS110  actor: Yvonne deCarlo
movieId: LeS110  actor: Carlos Thompson
movieId: LeS110  actor: Raymond Burr
movieId: LeS110  actor: Leif Erickson
movieId: LeS110  actor: Anthony Caruso
movieId: LeB10  actor: Snead Cusack
movieId: LeB10  actor: Stephen Rea
movieId: LeB10  actor: s a
movieId: LeB10  actor: s a
movieId: LeB10  actor: s a
movieId: LeB10  actor: Philip Jackson
movieId: LeB10  actor: Phil Daniels
movieId: LeB10  actor: Phil Daniels
movieId: LeG5  actor: James Ellison
movieId: LeG10  actor: Lupe Velez
movieId: LFo10  actor: Russ Tamblyn
movieId: LFo10  actor: TerryThomas
movieId: LFo10  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: LFo10  actor: Alan Young
movieId: LFo10  actor: Jessie Mathews
movieId: LFo10  actor: Peggy Lee
movieId: LFr10  actor: Bob Cresse
movieId: LFZ1  actor: Jason Patric
movieId: LFZ1  actor: Jennifer Jason Leigh
movieId: LFZ1  actor: Sam Elliott
movieId: LFZ1  actor: Special K McCray
movieId: LFZ1  actor: Max Perlich
movieId: LFZ1  actor: Greg Altman
movieId: LFZ1  actor: Max Perlich
movieId: LFl30  actor: s a
movieId: LFl50  actor: s a
movieId: LFl70  actor: Ren\'e Creste
movieId: LFl70  actor: Marcel L\'evesque
movieId: LFl70  actor: Diana Monti
movieId: LgC10  actor: Marisa Merlini
movieId: LgC10  actor: Vittorio deSica
movieId: LgC10  actor: Gina Lollobrigida
movieId: LgC30  actor: Barbara Hendricks
movieId: LgC30  actor: Luca Canonici
movieId: LgC30  actor: Gino Quilico
movieId: LgC30  actor: Angela Blasi
movieId: LgC30  actor: Massimiomo Girotti
movieId: LgC30  actor: Jose Carreras
movieId: LGG10  actor: Whit Reichert
movieId: LGG10  actor: Tom Murray
movieId: LGG10  actor: Rich Cosentino
movieId: LGr10  actor: Julie Newmar
movieId: LGr10  actor: Lloyd Bochner
movieId: LGr10  actor: Bill Gerber
movieId: LGr10  actor: Eliza Garrett
movieId: LGr10  actor: Kit McDonough
movieId: LGr10  actor: James Phipps
movieId: LGr10  actor: Jane Dulo
movieId: LGr10  actor: Amy Freeman
movieId: LGt19  actor: Kenneth Moore
movieId: LGt19  actor: Dana Wynter
movieId: LGt19  actor: Karel Stepanek
movieId: LGt19  actor: Carl Mohner
movieId: LGt19  actor: Laurence Naismith
movieId: LGt19  actor: Geoffrey Keen
movieId: LGt19  actor: Michael Hodern
movieId: LGt19  actor: Maurice Denham
movieId: LGt19  actor: Esmond Knight
movieId: LGt23  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: LGt23  actor: Vivien Merchant
movieId: LGt23  actor: Shirley Anne Field
movieId: LGt23  actor: Millicent Martin
movieId: LGt23  actor: Jane Asher
movieId: LGt23  actor: Julia Foster
movieId: LGt23  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: LGt23  actor: Eleanor Bron
movieId: LGt23  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: LGt25  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: LGt25  actor: Mie Hama
movieId: LGt25  actor: Desmond Llewellyn
movieId: LGt25  actor: Charles Gray
movieId: LGt25  actor: Donald Pleasence
movieId: LGt25  actor: Bernard Lee
movieId: LGt25  actor: Akiko Wakabayashi
movieId: LGt25  actor: Karin Dor
movieId: LGt25  actor: Lois Maxwell
movieId: LGt25  actor: Alexander Knox
movieId: LGt31  actor: Roger Moore
movieId: LGt31  actor: Richard Kiel
movieId: LGt31  actor: Barbara Bach
movieId: LGt31  actor: Curt Jurgens
movieId: LGt31  actor: Lois Maxwell
movieId: LGt31  actor: Carloine Munro
movieId: LGt31  actor: Walter Gotell
movieId: LGt31  actor: Bernard Lee
movieId: LGt31  actor: Gerge Baker
movieId: LGt31  actor: Edward DeSouza
movieId: LGt31  actor: Sydnet Taffer
movieId: LGt31  actor: Desmond LLewellyn
movieId: LGt32  actor: Roger Moore
movieId: LGt32  actor: Lois Chiles
movieId: LGt32  actor: Michel Lonsdale
movieId: LGt32  actor: Richard Kiel
movieId: LGt32  actor: Desmond LLewellyn
movieId: LGt32  actor: Lois Maxwell
movieId: LGt32  actor: Blanche Ravalec
movieId: LGt32  actor: Corinne Clery
movieId: LGt33  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: LGt33  actor: Julie Walters
movieId: LGt33  actor: sa
movieId: LGt33  actor: Michael Wilkins
movieId: LGt40  actor: Pauline Collins
movieId: LGt40  actor: s a
movieId: LGt40  actor: Tom Conti
movieId: LGt45  actor: Liza Minelli
movieId: LGt45  actor: Andrea Martin
movieId: LGt45  actor: Bill Irwin
movieId: LGt45  actor: Elen Greene
movieId: LGt45  actor: Jane Krakowski
movieId: LGt45  actor: Julie Walter
movieId: LGt45  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: LGt45  actor: Nora Dunn
movieId: LHa1  actor: Anton Glanzelius
movieId: LHa1  actor: Thomas vonBr\"omssen
movieId: LHa1  actor: Anki Liden
movieId: LHa1  actor: Ingmari Carlssen
movieId: LHa1  actor: Melinda Kinnaman
movieId: LHa1  actor: Leif Ericson
movieId: LHa1  actor: Christina Garvin
movieId: LHa1  actor: Ralph Carlsson
movieId: LHa1  actor: Viveca Dahlen
movieId: LHa5  actor: Holly Hunter
movieId: LHa5  actor: Richard Dreyfuss
movieId: LHa5  actor: Danny Aiello
movieId: LHa5  actor: Laura SanGiacomo
movieId: LHa5  actor: Gena Rowlands
movieId: LHa10  actor: Johnny Depp
movieId: LHa10  actor: Laura Harrington
movieId: LHa10  actor: Leonardo DiCaprio
movieId: LHa10  actor: Darlene Cates
movieId: LHa10  actor: Juliette Lewis
movieId: LHa10  actor: Mary Steenburgen
movieId: LHa10  actor: Mary Kate Schellhardt
movieId: LHa10  actor: John C. Reilly
movieId: LHa10  actor: Crispin Glover
movieId: LHa16  actor: Charlize Theron
movieId: LHa16  actor: McGuire
movieId: LHa16  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: LHa17  actor: Juliette Binoche
movieId: LHa17  actor: Judy Dench
movieId: LHa17  actor: Alfred Molina
movieId: LHa17  actor: Lena Olin
movieId: LHa17  actor: Johnny Depp
movieId: LHa17  actor: Victoire Thivisol
movieId: LHa17  actor: Peter Stormare
movieId: LHa17  actor: Carrie-Anne Moss
movieId: LHe2  actor: Cantilene
movieId: LHe2  actor: s a
movieId: LHe2  actor: s a
movieId: LHe4  actor: Eve Francis
movieId: LHe10  actor: Hugette Duclos
movieId: LHe10  actor: Roland Toutain
movieId: LHe10  actor: Maxime Desjardins
movieId: LHe30  actor: Marion Dorian
movieId: LHh10  actor: Max Parrish
movieId: LHh10  actor: Diane Ladd
movieId: LHh10  actor: Sean Young
movieId: LHh10  actor: Adrienne Shelley
movieId: LHh10  actor: Timothy Leary
movieId: LHh10  actor: Andrea Naschak
movieId: LHh10  actor: Anja Suli
movieId: LHh10  actor: Bella Lehczky
movieId: LHK3  actor: Ruth Gordon
movieId: LHK3  actor: Geraldine Page
movieId: LHK3  actor: Rosemary Forsyth
movieId: LHK3  actor: Robert Fuller
movieId: LHK3  actor: Geraldine Page
movieId: LHK12  actor: Patrick Duffy
movieId: LHK12  actor: Belinda J. Montgomery
movieId: LHK12  actor: Victor Buono
movieId: LHK12  actor: Art Lund
movieId: LHM10  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: LHM10  actor: Clint Walker
movieId: LHM3  actor: Cliff Robertson
movieId: LHM3  actor: Ty Hardin
movieId: LHM3  actor: James Gregory
movieId: LHM3  actor: Robert Culp
movieId: LHM3  actor: Leslie Martinson
movieId: LHM3  actor: Robert Blake
movieId: LHM3  actor: Grant Williams
movieId: LHM10  actor: Gary Coleman
movieId: LHM10  actor: Robert Guillaume
movieId: LHM10  actor: June Allyson
movieId: LHM10  actor: Chason Adams
movieId: LHM10  actor: John Pleshette
movieId: LHM10  actor: Laurie OConnor
movieId: LHM10  actor: Thelma Hopkins
movieId: LHM10  actor: s a
movieId: LHM10  actor: s a
movieId: LHM15  actor: Adam West
movieId: LHM15-  actor: Burt Ward
movieId: LHM15  actor: Cesar Romero
movieId: LHM15  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: LHM15  actor: Lee Meriwether
movieId: LHM15  actor: Alan Napier
movieId: LHM15  actor: Neil Hamilton
movieId: LHo1  actor: Leslie Howard
movieId: LHo2  actor: Leslie Howard
movieId: LHo2  actor: David Niven
movieId: LHo2  actor: Rosamund John
movieId: LHo2  actor: Roland Culver
movieId: LHo2  actor: David Horne
movieId: LiA10  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: LiA10  actor: Rachel Roberts
movieId: LiA10  actor: Colin Blakely
movieId: LiA10  actor: Alan Badel
movieId: LiA10  actor: William Hartnell
movieId: LiA10  actor: Arthur Lowe
movieId: LiA10  actor: Vanda Godsell
movieId: LiA10  actor: Miriam Brickman
movieId: LiA20  actor: Malcolm McDowell
movieId: LiA20  actor: David Wood
movieId: LiA20  actor: Richard Warwick
movieId: LiA20  actor: Robert Swann
movieId: LiA20  actor: Christine Noonan
movieId: LiA20  actor: Peter Jeffries
movieId: LiA20  actor: Arthur Lowe
movieId: LiA20  actor: Anthony Nicholls
movieId: LiA20  actor: Miriam Brickman
movieId: LiA30  actor: Malcolm McDowell
movieId: LiA30  actor: Rachel Roberts
movieId: LiA30  actor: Ralph Richardson
movieId: LiA30  actor: Helen Mirren
movieId: LiA50  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: LiA50  actor: Lillian Gish
movieId: LiA50  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: LiA50  actor: Ann Sothern
movieId: LiA50  actor: Harry Carey~jr
movieId: LiA50  actor: Frank Grimes
movieId: LiA50  actor: Mary Steenburgen
movieId: LiB1  actor: Ruth Chatterton
movieId: LiB1  actor: Raymond Hackett
movieId: LiB1  actor: Mitchell Lewis
movieId: LiB1  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: LiB1  actor: Carroll Nye
movieId: LiB1  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: LiB1  actor: Richard Carle
movieId: LiB2  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: LiB2  actor: Roland Young
movieId: LiB2  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: LiB2  actor: John Loder
movieId: LiB2  actor: Natalie Moorhead
movieId: LiB2  actor: Ernest Torence
movieId: LiB2  actor: Polly Moran
movieId: LiB2  actor: John Miljan
movieId: LIC10  actor: Sarah Miles
movieId: LIC10  actor: Kris Kristofferson
movieId: LIC10  actor: Jonathan Kahn
movieId: LIC20  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: LIC20  actor: Michael OKeefe
movieId: LIC20  actor: Blythe Danner
movieId: LIC30  actor: Jacqueline Bisset
movieId: LIC30  actor: Rob Lowe
movieId: LIC30  actor: Andrew McCarthy
movieId: LIC30  actor: Cliff Robertson
movieId: LIC30  actor: Stuart Margolin
movieId: LIC30  actor: John Cusack
movieId: LIC40  actor: Fred Evey
movieId: LiH10  actor: Rob Estes
movieId: LiH10  actor: Mitzi Kapture
movieId: LiH10  actor: Jim xxx
movieId: LiH10  actor: Robert Gossett
movieId: LiH10  actor: Everett Sloane
movieId: LiH10  actor: John Bynes
movieId: LiS10  actor: Tom Adams
movieId: LiS10  actor: Veronica Hurst
movieId: LiS10  actor: Karl Stepanek
movieId: LiS10  actor: Felix Felton
movieId: LiS10  actor: Peter Bull
movieId: LiW7  actor: Lina Polito
movieId: LiW8  actor: Nino Bignamini
movieId: LiW8  actor: Lina Polito
movieId: LiW8  actor: Isa Daniela
movieId: LiW9  actor: Giancarlo Giannini
movieId: LiW9  actor: Mariangela Melato
movieId: LiW10  actor: Giancarlo Giannini
movieId: LiW10  actor: Fernando Rey
movieId: LiW10  actor: Shirley Stoler
movieId: LiW10  actor: Enzo Vitale
movieId: LiW10  actor: Mario Conti
movieId: LiW10  actor: Elena Fiori
movieId: LiW10  actor: Piero DiOrio
movieId: LiW10  actor: Ermelinda deFelice
movieId: LiW10  actor: Lucio Amelio
movieId: LiW14  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: LiW14  actor: Sophia Loren
movieId: LiW14  actor: Giancarlo Giannini
movieId: LiW20  actor: Michele Placich
movieId: LiW25  actor: Luca deFillipo
movieId: LiW25  actor: Sophia Loren
movieId: LiW30  actor: Paolo Villagio
movieId: LiY20  actor: JoBeth Williams
movieId: LiY20  actor: Talia Shire
movieId: LiY20  actor: Lindsay Crouse
movieId: LiY20  actor: Helen Slater
movieId: LiY20  actor: s a
movieId: LJe1  actor: Dinah Sheridan
movieId: LJe1  actor: William Mervyn
movieId: LJe1  actor: Jenny Agutter
movieId: LJe1  actor: Bernard Cribbins
movieId: LJe1  actor: Iain Cuthbertson
movieId: LJe1  actor: Gary Warren
movieId: LJe1  actor: Sally Thomsett
movieId: LJe2  actor: Laurence Naismith
movieId: LJe2  actor: Diana Dors
movieId: LJe2  actor: James Villiers
movieId: LJe2  actor: David Lodge
movieId: LJe2  actor: Lynne Frederick
movieId: LJe2  actor: Dorothy Alison
movieId: LJe2  actor: Rosalyn Lander
movieId: LJe2  actor: Marc Granger
movieId: LJe4  actor: Tommy Pender
movieId: LJe4  actor: Billie Whitelaw
movieId: LJe4  actor: Bernard Cribbens
movieId: LJe4  actor: Davis Tomlison
movieId: LJo10  actor: Elizabeth Rush
movieId: LJo10  actor: Ele Grigsby
movieId: LKa1  actor: Shirley Stoler
movieId: LKa1  actor: Tony LoBianco
movieId: LKa1  actor: Marilyn Chris
movieId: LKa1  actor: Barbara Carson
movieId: LKa1  actor: Mary Jane Higby
movieId: LLa5  actor: Johnny Weissmuller
movieId: LLa5  actor: Bob Waterfield
movieId: LLa5  actor: Sheila Ryan
movieId: LLa5  actor: Lyle Talbot
movieId: LLa5  actor: Tamba
movieId: LLa10  actor: Johnny Weissmuller
movieId: LLa10  actor: Angela Green
movieId: LLa10  actor: Jean Wiles
movieId: LLa10  actor: Zamba
movieId: LlB21  actor: John Barrymore
movieId: LlB21  actor: Joan Bennett
movieId: LlB21  actor: Lloyd Hughes
movieId: LlB21  actor: May Boley
movieId: LlB21  actor: Walter Long
movieId: LlB35  actor: Jimmy Cagney
movieId: LlB35  actor: Joan Blondell
movieId: LlB35  actor: Ruby Keeler
movieId: LlB35  actor: Dick Powell
movieId: LlB35  actor: Frank McHugh
movieId: LlB35  actor: Guy Kibbee
movieId: LlB35  actor: Ruth Donelly
movieId: LlB35  actor: Hugh Herbert
movieId: LlB35  actor: Claire Dodd
movieId: LlB35  actor: Herman Bing
movieId: LlB35  actor: Hobart Cavanaugh
movieId: LlB35  actor: Dave OBrien
movieId: LlB35  actor: Jimmy Conlin
movieId: LlB36  actor: Warner Baxter
movieId: LlB36  actor: Peggy Sawyer
movieId: LlB36  actor: Bebe Daniels
movieId: LlB36  actor: George Brent
movieId: LlB36  actor: Dick Powell
movieId: LlB36  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: LlB36  actor: Guy Kibbee
movieId: LlB36  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: LlB36  actor: Toby Wing
movieId: LlB36  actor: Harry Warren
movieId: LlB36  actor: Al Dubin
movieId: LlB40  actor: Al Jolson
movieId: LlB40  actor: Kay Francis
movieId: LlB40  actor: Dolores delRio
movieId: LlB40  actor: Ricardo Cortez
movieId: LlB40  actor: Dick Powell
movieId: LlB53  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: LlB53  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: LlB53  actor: Lola Lane
movieId: LlB53  actor: Isabel Jewell
movieId: LlB53  actor: Eduardo Cianelli
movieId: LlB53  actor: Rosalind Marquis
movieId: LlB53  actor: Mayo Methot
movieId: LlB53  actor: Allen Jenkins
movieId: LlB55  actor: Pat OBrien
movieId: LlB55  actor: Ann Sheridan
movieId: LlB55  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: LlB55  actor: Barton McLane
movieId: LlB55  actor: Joseph Sawyer
movieId: LlB57  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: LlB57  actor: Jane Bryan
movieId: LlB57  actor: Willard Parker
movieId: LlB57  actor: Ruth Donelly
movieId: LlB57  actor: Allen Jenkins
movieId: LlB57  actor: John Litel
movieId: LlB57  actor: Harold Huber
movieId: LlB57  actor: Edward Brophy
movieId: LlB57  actor: Bobby Jordan
movieId: LlB61  actor: George Brent
movieId: LlB61  actor: Olivia deHaviland
movieId: LlB61  actor: John Payne
movieId: LlB61  actor: Frank McHugh
movieId: LlB61  actor: Victor Jory
movieId: LlB62  actor: James Cagney
movieId: LlB62  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: LlB62  actor: Rosemary Lane
movieId: LlB62  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: LlB62  actor: Harvey Stephens
movieId: LlB62  actor: Hugh Sothern
movieId: LlB62  actor: Charles Middleton
movieId: LlB62  actor: Edward Pawley
movieId: LlB62  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: LlB62  actor: Lew Harvey
movieId: LlB62  actor: Trevor Bardette
movieId: LlB62  actor: John Miljan
movieId: LlB62  actor: Arthur Aylesworth
movieId: LlB62  actor: Irving Bacon
movieId: LlB62  actor: s a
movieId: LlB64  actor: George Raft
movieId: LlB64  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: LlB64  actor: William Holden
movieId: LlB64  actor: Flora Robson
movieId: LlB64  actor: Jane Bryan
movieId: LlB64  actor: Paul Kelly
movieId: LlB64  actor: Lee Patrick
movieId: LlB64  actor: Henry ONeill
movieId: LlB64  actor: Moroni Olson
movieId: LlB67  actor: Pat OBrien
movieId: LlB67  actor: Ronald Reagan
movieId: LlB67  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: LlB67  actor: Albert Basserman
movieId: LlB67  actor: John Qualen
movieId: LlB67  actor: Dorothy Tree
movieId: LlB68  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: LlB68  actor: Ann Sothern
movieId: LlB68  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: LlB68  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: LlB68  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: LlB68  actor: Allen Jenkins
movieId: LlB68  actor: Charles D. Brown
movieId: LlB68  actor: Cecil Kellaway
movieId: LlB68  actor: Morgan Conway
movieId: LlB68  actor: Joseph Crehan
movieId: LlB68  actor: Richard Lane
movieId: LlB68  actor: Paul Guilfoyle
movieId: LlB68  actor: John Ridgely
movieId: LlB68  actor: Tom Tyler
movieId: LlB78  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: LlB78  actor: Raymond Massey
movieId: LlB78  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: LlB78  actor: Julie Bishop
movieId: LlB83  actor: June Haver
movieId: LlB83  actor: John Payne
movieId: LlB83  actor: Connie Marshall
movieId: LlB83  actor: Charlotte Greenwood
movieId: LlB83  actor: John Ireland
movieId: LlB83  actor: Clem Bevans
movieId: LlB83  actor: Lee Patrick
movieId: LlB85  actor: Mark Stevens
movieId: LlB85  actor: June Haver
movieId: LlB85  actor: Martha Stewart
movieId: LlB85  actor: Reginald Gardiner
movieId: LlB85  actor: Leonore Aubert
movieId: LlB85  actor: William Frawley
movieId: LlB85  actor: Gene Nelson
movieId: LlB90  actor: Lucille Ball
movieId: LlB90  actor: William Holden
movieId: LlB95  actor: Mitzi Gaynor
movieId: LlB95  actor: Dale Robertson
movieId: LlB95  actor: Dennis Day
movieId: LlB95  actor: James Barton
movieId: LlB95  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: LlB97  actor: Jean Simmon
movieId: LlB97  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: LlB97  actor: Arthur Hunnicut
movieId: LlB97  actor: Edgar Buchanan
movieId: LlB97  actor: Wallace Ford
movieId: LlB100  actor: Jane Russell
movieId: LlB100  actor: Mary McCarty
movieId: LlB100  actor: Gilbert Roland
movieId: LlB100  actor: Arthur Hunnicutt
movieId: LlB100  actor: Joyce McKenzie
movieId: LlB100  actor: Paula Corday
movieId: LlB100  actor: Scott Elliott
movieId: LlB100  actor: Steven Geray
movieId: LlB100  actor: John Wengraf
movieId: LlB100  actor: Michael StAngel
movieId: LlB100  actor: Barbara Darrow
movieId: LlB100  actor: Barbara Dobbins
movieId: LlB100  actor: Kim Novak
movieId: LlF1  actor: Stan Laurel
movieId: LlF1  actor: Oliver Hardy
movieId: LlF1  actor: Lucien Littlefield
movieId: LlF1  actor: Sam Adams
movieId: LLG10  actor: Demi Moore
movieId: LlH10  actor: Ariyan Johnson
movieId: LlH10  actor: s a
movieId: LlH10  actor: Nikki D
movieId: LlH10  actor: Cee Asia
movieId: LLl10  actor: Tom Berenger
movieId: LLl10  actor: Billy Zane
movieId: LM2  actor: Marie Prevost
movieId: LM2  actor: Matt Moore
movieId: LM2  actor: Phyllis Haver
movieId: LM2  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: LM9  actor: Lew Ayres
movieId: LM9  actor: Louis Wolheim
movieId: LM9  actor: Slim Summerville
movieId: LM9  actor: John Wray
movieId: LM9  actor: Raymond Griffith
movieId: LM9  actor: Russel Gleason
movieId: LM9  actor: Ben Alexander
movieId: LM9  actor: Beryl Mercer
movieId: LM9  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: LM9  actor: Richard Thomas
movieId: LM10  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: LM10  actor: Pat OBrien
movieId: LM10  actor: Mary Brian
movieId: LM10  actor: Edward Everett Horton
movieId: LM10  actor: Walter Catlett
movieId: LM10  actor: George E. Stone
movieId: LM10  actor: Slim Summerville
movieId: LM11  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: LM11  actor: Walter Huston
movieId: LM11  actor: William Gargan
movieId: LM11  actor: Beulah Bondi
movieId: LM11  actor: Guy Kibbee
movieId: LM15  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: LM15  actor: Ethel Merman
movieId: LM15  actor: Charles Ruggles
movieId: LM15  actor: Grace Bradley
movieId: LM15  actor: Ida Lupino
movieId: LM15  actor: Chill Wills
movieId: LM15  actor: The Avalon Boys
movieId: LM15  actor: Arthur Treacher
movieId: LM17  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: LM17  actor: Lon Chaney~jr
movieId: LM17  actor: Bob Steele
movieId: LM17  actor: Charles Bickford
movieId: LM17  actor: Roman Bohnen
movieId: LM17  actor: Leigh Whipper
movieId: LM17  actor: Betty Field
movieId: LM17  actor: Noah Beery~jr
movieId: LM20  actor: Errol Flynn
movieId: LM20  actor: Ann Sheridan
movieId: LM20  actor: Walker Huston
movieId: LM20  actor: Judith Anderson
movieId: LM20  actor: Ruth Gordon
movieId: LM20  actor: Nancy Coleman
movieId: LM20  actor: Helmut Dantine
movieId: LM20  actor: Morris Carnovsky
movieId: LM20  actor: Charles Dingle
movieId: LM20  actor: John Beal
movieId: LM20  actor: Richard Fraser
movieId: LM20  actor: Helene Thimig
movieId: LM22  actor: Dana Andrews
movieId: LM22  actor: Richard Conte
movieId: LM22  actor: Farley Granger
movieId: LM22  actor: Kevin OShea
movieId: LM22  actor: Sam Levene
movieId: LM22  actor: Don Barry
movieId: LM22  actor: Richard Loo
movieId: LM25  actor: Dana Andrews
movieId: LM25  actor: Richard Conte
movieId: LM25  actor: Sterling Holloway
movieId: LM25  actor: John Ireland
movieId: LM25  actor: George Tyne
movieId: LM25  actor: Lloyd Bridges
movieId: LM26  actor: Barbara Stanwyck
movieId: LM26  actor: Van Heflin
movieId: LM26  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: LM26  actor: Judith Anderson
movieId: LM26  actor: Lizabeth Scott
movieId: LM26  actor: Rohman Bohnen
movieId: LM29  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: LM29  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: LM29  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: LM29  actor: Louis Calhern
movieId: LM32  actor: Michael Rennie
movieId: LM32  actor: Robert Newton
movieId: LM32  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: LM32  actor: Debra Paget
movieId: LM38  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: LM38  actor: Trevor Howard
movieId: LM38  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: LM38  actor: Hugh Griffiths
movieId: LM38  actor: Tarita
movieId: LM100  actor: John Beal
movieId: LM100  actor: Rod Steiger
movieId: LM110  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: LM110  actor: Dean Martin
movieId: LM110  actor: Peter Lawford
movieId: LM110  actor: Sammy Davis
movieId: LM110  actor: Richard Conte
movieId: LM110  actor: Angie Dickinson
movieId: LM110  actor: Cesar Romero
movieId: LM110  actor: Joey Bishop
movieId: LM110  actor: Richard Benedict
movieId: LM110  actor: Patrice Wymore
movieId: LM110  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: LM110  actor: Henry Silva
movieId: LM110  actor: Ilka Chase
movieId: LM110  actor: s a
movieId: LM110  actor: s a
movieId: LM110  actor: s a
movieId: LM110  actor: s a
movieId: LM110  actor: s a
movieId: LM110  actor: s a
movieId: LMa2  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: LMa2  actor: Maurice Ronet
movieId: LMa2  actor: Lino Ventura
movieId: LMa2  actor: Georges Poujouly
movieId: LMa2  actor: Julien Tavernier
movieId: LMa2  actor: Miles Davis
movieId: LMa4  actor: Catherine Demongeot
movieId: LMa4  actor: Phillippe Noiret
movieId: LMa5  actor: Brigitte Bardot
movieId: LMa5  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: LMa10  actor: Brigitte Bardot
movieId: LMa10  actor: Jeanne Moireau
movieId: LMa10  actor: George Hamilton
movieId: LMa10  actor: s a
movieId: LMa18  actor: Benoit Ferreux
movieId: LMa18  actor: Lea Massari
movieId: LMa18  actor: Fabian Ferreux
movieId: LMa18  actor: Daniel Gelin
movieId: LMa19  actor: Blaise Pascal
movieId: LMa21  actor: Brooke Shields
movieId: LMa21  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: LMa21  actor: Keith Carradine
movieId: LMa21  actor: Antonio Fargas
movieId: LMa21  actor: Frances Faye
movieId: LMa21  actor: Diana Scarwid
movieId: LMa23  actor: Wallace Shawn
movieId: LMa23  actor: Andre Gregory
movieId: LMa24  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: LMa24  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: LMa24  actor: Kate Reid
movieId: LMa24  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: LMa26  actor: Sean Penn
movieId: LMa26  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: LMa26  actor: Wallace Shawn
movieId: LMa26  actor: Larry Riley
movieId: LMa26  actor: Trididad Silva
movieId: LMa26  actor: Christine Baranski
movieId: LMa26  actor: Irwin Corey
movieId: LMa35  actor: Michel Piccoli
movieId: LMa35  actor: MiouMiou
movieId: LMa35  actor: Michel Duchaussoy
movieId: LMa35  actor: Dominque Blanc
movieId: LMa35  actor: Rozenn LeTallec
movieId: LMa35  actor: Francois Berleand
movieId: LMa35  actor: Bruno Carette
movieId: LMa35  actor: Martine Gautier
movieId: LMa35  actor: Paulette Dubost
movieId: LMa37  actor: Jeremy Irons
movieId: LMa37  actor: Juliette Binoche
movieId: LMa37  actor: Rupert Graves
movieId: LMa37  actor: Miranda Richardson
movieId: LMa37  actor: Ian Bannen
movieId: LMa37  actor: Leslie Caron
movieId: LMa40  actor: Julianne Moore
movieId: LMa40  actor: Wallace Shawn
movieId: LMa40  actor: Larry Pine
movieId: LMa40  actor: s a
movieId: LMa40  actor: Brooke Smith
movieId: LMC6  actor: Eddie Cantor
movieId: LMC6  actor: Lyda Roberti
movieId: LMC6  actor: Robert Young
movieId: LMC6  actor: Ruth Hall
movieId: LMC6  actor: John Miljan
movieId: LMC6  actor: Noah Beery
movieId: LMC6  actor: J.Carrol Naish
movieId: LMC6  actor: Stanley Fields
movieId: LMC6  actor: Betty Grable
movieId: LMC6  actor: Paulette Goddard
movieId: LMC6  actor: Sidney Franklin
movieId: LMC6  actor: Lucille Ball
movieId: LMC6  actor: Virgina Bruce
movieId: LMC9  actor: Groucho Marx
movieId: LMC9  actor: Harpo Marx
movieId: LMC9  actor: Chico Marx
movieId: LMC9  actor: Zeppo Marx
movieId: LMC9  actor: Margaret Dumont
movieId: LMC9  actor: Edgar Kennedy
movieId: LMC9  actor: Louis Calhern
movieId: LMC9  actor: Raquel Torres
movieId: LMC9  actor: Edwin Maxwell Torres
movieId: LMC12  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: LMC12  actor: Mary Boland
movieId: LMC12  actor: Charles Ruggles
movieId: LMC12  actor: Zasu Pitts
movieId: LMC12  actor: Roland Young
movieId: LMC12  actor: Leila Hyams
movieId: LMC12  actor: James Burke
movieId: LMC12  actor: Maud Eburne
movieId: LMC12  actor: Lucien Lttlefield
movieId: LMC13  actor: Harold Lloyd
movieId: LMC13  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: LMC13  actor: Verree Teasdale
movieId: LMC13  actor: Helen Mack
movieId: LMC13  actor: William Gargan
movieId: LMC13  actor: George Barbier
movieId: LMC13  actor: Lionel Stander
movieId: LMC14  actor: Victor Moore
movieId: LMC14  actor: Beulah Bondi
movieId: LMC14  actor: Thomas Mitchell
movieId: LMC14  actor: Fay Bainter
movieId: LMC14  actor: Porter Hall
movieId: LMC15  actor: Irene Dunne
movieId: LMC15  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: LMC15  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: LMC15  actor: Esther Dale
movieId: LMC15  actor: Cecil Cunningham
movieId: LMC15  actor: Alexander dArcy
movieId: LMC15  actor: Joyce Compton
movieId: LMC15  actor: Asta
movieId: LMC16  actor: Irene Dunne
movieId: LMC16  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: LMC16  actor: Marie Ouspenskaya
movieId: LMC16  actor: Lee Bowman
movieId: LMC16  actor: Astrid Allwyn
movieId: LMC16  actor: Aurice Moscovich
movieId: LMC18  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: LMC18  actor: Barry Fitzgerald
movieId: LMC18  actor: Rise Stevens
movieId: LMC18  actor: Frank McHugh
movieId: LMC18  actor: James Brown
movieId: LMC18  actor: Gene Lockhart
movieId: LMC18  actor: Jean Heather
movieId: LMC18  actor: Porter Hall
movieId: LMC19  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: LMC19  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: LMC19  actor: Henry Travers
movieId: LMC19  actor: William Gargan
movieId: LMC19  actor: Ruth Donelly
movieId: LMC19  actor: Rhys Williams
movieId: LMC19  actor: Una OConnor
movieId: LMC19  actor: Eva Novak
movieId: LMC23  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: LMC23  actor: Deborah Kerr
movieId: LMC23  actor: Richard Denning
movieId: LMC23  actor: Neva Patterson
movieId: LMC23  actor: Cathleen Nesbitt
movieId: LMe10  actor: Sarah Bernhardt
movieId: LMe10  actor: Lou Tellegen
movieId: LMe10  actor: Mlle.~Romain
movieId: LMe10  actor: M.~Maxudian
movieId: LMf10  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: LMg10  actor: Colin Frits
movieId: LMg10  actor: Ian Holm
movieId: LMg10  actor: s a
movieId: LMg10  actor: Donald Pleasance
movieId: LMg10  actor: Amina Annabi
movieId: LMg10  actor: Nicol Williamson
movieId: LMg10  actor: Lysette Anthony
movieId: LMg10  actor: Michael Gough
movieId: LMg10  actor: Helmut Walker
movieId: LMg10  actor: Jim Carter
movieId: LMg10  actor: Sophie Dix
movieId: LMi5  actor: Alberto A. Capozzi
movieId: LMi5  actor: Lydia de Roberti
movieId: LMo10  actor: James Belushi
movieId: LMo10  actor: Michael Beach
movieId: LMo10  actor: s a
movieId: LMy3  actor: Gustav Hammarsten
movieId: LMy3  actor: Anja Lundqvist
movieId: LMy3  actor: Elsa Lindgren
movieId: LMy3  actor: Michael Nyqvist
movieId: LMy3  actor: Emma Samuelson
movieId: LMy3  actor: Sam Kessel
movieId: LMy3  actor: Jessica Liedberg
movieId: LMy3  actor: Ola Norell
movieId: LMy3  actor: sa
movieId: LMy3  actor: Olle Sarri
movieId: LMy3  actor: Shanti Roney
movieId: LMy3  actor: sa
movieId: LnK10  actor: Paul Naschy
movieId: LnK10  actor: Jack Taylor
movieId: LNm10  actor: Michael Redgrave
movieId: LNm10  actor: Alexander Knox
movieId: LNm10  actor: Sheila Sim
movieId: LNm10  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: LNm10  actor: Ursula Jeans
movieId: LNm10  actor: George Rose
movieId: LNm10  actor: Nigel Stock
movieId: LNm10  actor: Michael Hodern
movieId: LNm10  actor: Ralph Truman
movieId: LNm10  actor: Victor Maddern
movieId: LNm10  actor: Bill Kerr
movieId: LNm10  actor: Alfie Bass
movieId: LNm14  actor: John Mills
movieId: LNm14  actor: Richard Attenborough
movieId: Lob9  actor: Judith Kavner
movieId: Lob9  actor: Carry Fisher
movieId: Lob9  actor: Gaby Hoffman
movieId: Lob9  actor: Samantha
movieId: Lob9  actor: Dan Ackroyd
movieId: LOb10  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: LOb13  actor: Sandra Bullock
movieId: LOb13  actor: Conniff
movieId: LOb13  actor: Gena Rowlands
movieId: LoG40  actor: Muhammed Ali
movieId: LoG40  actor: George Foreman
movieId: LoG40  actor: Norman Mailer
movieId: LoG40  actor: George Plimpton
movieId: LoG40  actor: James Brown
movieId: LoG40  actor: B.B. King
movieId: LoK3  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: LoK3  actor: Heather Angel
movieId: LoK3  actor: Victor Jory
movieId: LoK3  actor: Murray Kinnell
movieId: LoK3  actor: Douglas Walton
movieId: LoK3  actor: J.Carroll Naish
movieId: LoK9  actor: Warner Oland
movieId: LoK9  actor: Pat Paterson
movieId: LoK9  actor: Thomas Beck
movieId: LoK9  actor: Rita Hayworth
movieId: LoK9  actor: Jameson Thomas
movieId: LoK9  actor: Farnk Conroy
movieId: LoK9  actor: Nigel deBrulier
movieId: LoK9  actor: Paul Porcasi
movieId: LoK9  actor: Stepin Fetchit
movieId: LoK20  actor: John Barrymore
movieId: LoK20  actor: Louise Campbell
movieId: LoK30  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: LoK30  actor: Gladys George
movieId: LoK30  actor: Muriel Angelus
movieId: LoK30  actor: Berton Churchill
movieId: LoK30  actor: Fritz Leiber
movieId: LoK50  actor: Victor mature
movieId: LoK50  actor: Piper Laurie
movieId: LoK50  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: LoK50  actor: William Bendix
movieId: LoK50  actor: Walter Reed
movieId: LOl1  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: LOl1  actor: Robert Newton
movieId: LOl1  actor: Leslie Banks
movieId: LOl1  actor: Esmond Knight
movieId: LOl1  actor: Rene\'e Asherson
movieId: LOl1  actor: George Robey
movieId: LOl1  actor: Leo Genn
movieId: LOl1  actor: Freda Jackson
movieId: LOl1  actor: Ernest Thesiger
movieId: LOl1  actor: Ivy StHelier
movieId: LOl1  actor: Ralph Truman
movieId: LOl1  actor: Janet Burnett
movieId: LOl1  actor: Harcourt Williams
movieId: LOl1  actor: Max Adrian
movieId: LOl1  actor: Felix Aylmer
movieId: LOl1  actor: John Laurie
movieId: LOl1  actor: Frederick Cooper
movieId: LOl1  actor: Jonathan Field
movieId: LOl1  actor: Russell Thorndike
movieId: LOl1  actor: Francis Lister
movieId: LOl1  actor: Valentine Dyall
movieId: LOl1  actor: Roy Emerton
movieId: LOl2  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: LOl2  actor: Jean Simmons
movieId: LOl2  actor: Eileen Herlie
movieId: LOl2  actor: Basil Sidney
movieId: LOl2  actor: Stanley Holloway
movieId: LOl2  actor: Norman Wooland
movieId: LOl2  actor: Felix Aylmer
movieId: LOl2  actor: Terence Morgan
movieId: LOl2  actor: Esmond Knight
movieId: LOl2  actor: Anthony Quayle
movieId: LOl3  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: LOl3  actor: Ralph Richardson
movieId: LOl3  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: LOl3  actor: Cedric Hardwicke
movieId: LOl3  actor: Claire Bloom
movieId: LOl3  actor: Stanley baker
movieId: LOl3  actor: Norman Wooland
movieId: LOl3  actor: Pamela brown
movieId: LOl3  actor: Alec Clunes
movieId: LOl3  actor: John Laurie
movieId: LOl3  actor: Helen haye
movieId: LOl3  actor: Michael Gough
movieId: LOl3  actor: Esmond Knight
movieId: LOl4  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: LOl4  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: LOl4  actor: Sybil Thorndyke
movieId: LOl4  actor: Richard Wattis
movieId: LOl4  actor: Jeremy Spenser
movieId: LOl4  actor: Esmond Knight
movieId: LOl4  actor: Rosamund Greenwood
movieId: LOl4  actor: Maxine Audley
movieId: LoM2  actor: Mary Brian
movieId: LoM2  actor: Fredric March
movieId: LoM2  actor: Huntley Gordon
movieId: LoM2  actor: Lilyan Tashman
movieId: LoM2  actor: Kay Francis
movieId: LoM2  actor: William Austin
movieId: LoM2  actor: Seena Owen
movieId: LoM2  actor: Jocelyn Lee
movieId: LoM2  actor: David Newell
movieId: LoM2  actor: Anita Louise
movieId: LoM2  actor: Mitzi Green
movieId: LoM2  actor: Phillippe DeLacey
movieId: LoM6  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: LoM6  actor: Maureen OSsullivan
movieId: LoM6  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: LoM6  actor: Dorothy Peterson
movieId: LoM6  actor: Veree Teasdale
movieId: LoM6  actor: Billy Bevan
movieId: LoM6  actor: Halliwell Hobbes
movieId: LoM10  actor: Conrad Veidt
movieId: LoM10  actor: Benita Hume
movieId: LoM10  actor: Frank Vosper
movieId: LoM10  actor: Cedric Hardwicke
movieId: LoM10  actor: Gerald duMaurier
movieId: LoM10  actor: Pamela Oster
movieId: LoM20  actor: Rosalind Russell
movieId: LoM20  actor: Fred MacMurrray
movieId: LoM20  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: LoM20  actor: Eduardo Cianelli
movieId: LoS2  actor: Mae West
movieId: LoS2  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: LoS2  actor: Owen Moore
movieId: LoS2  actor: Gilbert Roland
movieId: LoS2  actor: Noah Beery
movieId: LoS2  actor: David Landau
movieId: LoS2  actor: Rafaela Ottiano
movieId: LoS2  actor: Rochelle Hudson
movieId: LoS2  actor: Dewey Robinson
movieId: LoS3  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: LoS3  actor: Douglas Fairbanks~jr.
movieId: LoS3  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: LoS10  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: LoS10  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: LoS10  actor: Jackie Kelk
movieId: LoS10  actor: Henry Travers
movieId: LoS10  actor: Russell Hopton
movieId: LoS10  actor: Andrew Tombes
movieId: LoS10  actor: Harry Green
movieId: LoW5  actor: Tyrone Power
movieId: LoW5  actor: Helen Riaume
movieId: LoW5  actor: Marje Walcamp
movieId: LoW5  actor: Cora Drew
movieId: LoW5  actor: Juan DeLaCruz
movieId: LoW10  actor: Anna Pavlova
movieId: LoW11  actor: Lina Basquette
movieId: LoW12  actor: Lina Basquette
movieId: LoW14  actor: Lina Basquette
movieId: LPe3  actor: Richard Benjamin
movieId: LPe3  actor: Ali McGraw
movieId: LPe3  actor: Jack Klugman
movieId: LPe7  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: LPe7  actor: Keith Baxter
movieId: LPe7  actor: Helmut Berger
movieId: LPe7  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: LPe10  actor: Marilyn Hassett
movieId: LPe10  actor: Julie Harris
movieId: LPe10  actor: Barbara Barrie
movieId: LPe10  actor: Anne Bancroft
movieId: LPe15  actor: Amy Madigan
movieId: LPe15  actor: MacKenzie Phillips
movieId: LPe15  actor: Beau Bridges
movieId: LPh4  actor: Richard Thomas
movieId: LPh10  actor: Lee Grant
movieId: LPh10  actor: James Olson
movieId: LPh10  actor: Susan Myers
movieId: LPh10  actor: Helen Hunt
movieId: LPh15  actor: Ben Vereen
movieId: LPh15  actor: Red Buttons
movieId: LPh15  actor: Margaret Avery
movieId: LPh15  actor: Janet MacLachian
movieId: LPi10  actor: Rick Springfield
movieId: LPi10  actor: Albert Salmi
movieId: LPi10  actor: Janet Eilber
movieId: LPi10  actor: Patti Hansen
movieId: LPi10  actor: Bill Mumy
movieId: LPi10  actor: Gregory Itzin
movieId: LPi20  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: LPi20  actor: s a
movieId: LPi20  actor: Sarah Miles
movieId: LPi20  actor: s a
movieId: LPi20  actor: s a
movieId: LPi20  actor: s a
movieId: LPi20  actor: s a
movieId: LPi20  actor: s a
movieId: LPi20  actor: Chia Sara
movieId: LPi20  actor: Claire Bloom
movieId: LPi20  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: LPo10  actor: s a
movieId: LPo10  actor: Morgan Mady
movieId: LPo10  actor: Charles Novub
movieId: LPo10  actor: Miacellis Souty
movieId: LPo10  actor: Laura Myraya
movieId: LPo10  actor: s a
movieId: LPo10  actor: s a
movieId: LPs10  actor: s a
movieId: LPu1  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: LPu1  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: LPu1  actor: Jimmy Smits
movieId: LPu1  actor: Gabriella Roel
movieId: LQJ10  actor: Don Johnson
movieId: LQJ10  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: LQJ10  actor: Susanne Benton
movieId: LQJ10  actor: Alvy Moore
movieId: LrA10  actor: Africa Cyzebes
movieId: LRF15  actor: Ronald Reagan
movieId: LRF15  actor: Rhonda Fleming
movieId: LRF15  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: LRF15  actor: Marvin Miller
movieId: LRF15  actor: Lowell Gilmore
movieId: LRF20  actor: s a
movieId: LRF20  actor: s a
movieId: LSc10  actor: Ed Asner
movieId: LSc10  actor: Sally Struthers
movieId: LSc10  actor: Milton Selzer
movieId: LSc10  actor: Hagan Beggs
movieId: LSc10  actor: Claudine Melgrave
movieId: LSh1  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: LSh1  actor: s a
movieId: LSh1  actor: Mark Lawrence
movieId: LSh1  actor: s a
movieId: LSh1  actor: s a
movieId: LSh1  actor: s a
movieId: LSh1  actor: s a
movieId: LSm10  actor: Lex Barker
movieId: LSm10  actor: Brenda Joyce
movieId: LSm10  actor: Albert Dekker
movieId: LSm10  actor: Evelyn Ankers
movieId: LSm10  actor: Charles Drake
movieId: LSm10  actor: Alan Napier
movieId: LSm13  actor: Lex Barker
movieId: LSm13  actor: Vanessa Brown
movieId: LSm13  actor: Hurd Hatfield
movieId: LSm13  actor: Robert Alda
movieId: LSm13  actor: Artur Shields
movieId: LSm13  actor: Anthony Caruso
movieId: LSm13  actor: Denise Darcel
movieId: LSm13  actor: Robert Warwick
movieId: LSm13  actor: Eva Gabor
movieId: LSm17  actor: Johnny Weissmuller
movieId: LSm17  actor: Karin Booth
movieId: LSt10  actor: Kate Manx
movieId: LSt10  actor: Corey Allen
movieId: LSt10  actor: Warren Oates
movieId: LSw10  actor: Charles `Buddy' Rogers
movieId: LSw10  actor: Nancy Carroll
movieId: LSw10  actor: Zelma ONeal
movieId: LSw10  actor: Jack Haley
movieId: LSw10  actor: Eugene Pallette
movieId: LSw10  actor: Thelma Todd
movieId: LSw10  actor: Albert Gran
movieId: LTa10  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: LTa10  actor: Elle McPherson
movieId: LTa10  actor: Alec Baldwin
movieId: LTu10  actor: Richard Benjamin
movieId: LTu10  actor: Joanna Shimkus
movieId: LTu10  actor: Elizabeth Ashley
movieId: LTu10  actor: Adam West
movieId: LTu10  actor: Patricia Barry
movieId: LTu10  actor: Barbara Morrison
movieId: LTu30  actor: Lucie Arnaz
movieId: LTu30  actor: Ken Howard
movieId: LuB5  actor: Eduard Verkade
movieId: LuB15  actor: Anton Walbrook
movieId: LuB20  actor: Lily Bouwmeester
movieId: LuB20  actor: Eduard Verkade
movieId: LuB20  actor: Johann deMeester
movieId: LuB21  actor: Lily Bouwmeester
movieId: LuB21  actor: Rini Otte
movieId: LuB21  actor: Max Croiset
movieId: LuC10  actor: Donald Ritchie
movieId: LuD1  actor: Oliver Gourmet
movieId: LuD1  actor: Jeremie Renier
movieId: LuD1  actor: Assita Ouedraogo
movieId: LuD1  actor: s a
movieId: LuD4  actor: Emilie Dequenne
movieId: LuH8  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: LuH10  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: LUl10  actor: Pernilla August
movieId: LuM10  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: LuM10  actor: James Spader
movieId: LuM10  actor: Jason Alexander
movieId: LuM10  actor: Kathy Bates
movieId: LuM10  actor: Eileen Brennan
movieId: LuM13  actor: Melanie Griffith
movieId: LuM13  actor: John Goodman
movieId: LuM13  actor: Don Johnson
movieId: LuM13  actor: Edward Herrmann
movieId: LuM13  actor: Max Parrish
movieId: LuM13  actor: Nora Dawn
movieId: LuM16  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: LuM16  actor: Andy Garcia
movieId: LuM16  actor: Lauren Tom
movieId: LuM16  actor: Ellen Burstyn
movieId: LuM16  actor: Tina Majorino
movieId: LuM16  actor: Mae Whitmman
movieId: LuM21  actor: Kevin Costner
movieId: LuM21  actor: Robin Wright Penn
movieId: LuM21  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: LuM21  actor: John Savage
movieId: LuM21  actor: Ilena Douglas
movieId: LuM21  actor: Robbie Coltrane
movieId: LuM21  actor: Jesse James
movieId: LuM21  actor: Veveka Davis
movieId: LuM21  actor: s a
movieId: LuM25  actor: Jennifer Lopez
movieId: LuM25  actor: Jim Caviezel
movieId: LuM25  actor: Terrence Howard
movieId: LuP30  actor: Maia Morgenstern
movieId: LuP30  actor: Razvan Vasilescu
movieId: LuR8  actor: Bebe Daniels
movieId: LuR8  actor: John Boles
movieId: LuR8  actor: Burt Wheeler
movieId: LuR8  actor: Robert Woolsey
movieId: LuR8  actor: Dorothy Lee
movieId: LuR8  actor: Don Alvorado
movieId: LuR8  actor: George Renavent
movieId: LuR10  actor: Jack Oakie
movieId: LuR10  actor: Polly Walker
movieId: LuR10  actor: Roger Gray
movieId: LuR10  actor: Harry Sweet
movieId: LuV1  actor: Massimo Girotti
movieId: LuV1  actor: Clara Calamai
movieId: LuV1  actor: Juan deLanda
movieId: LuV1  actor: Elia Marcuzzo
movieId: LuV1  actor: s a
movieId: LuV1  actor: s a
movieId: LuV3  actor: Anna Magnani
movieId: LuV3  actor: Tina Apicella
movieId: LuV3  actor: Alessandro Blasetti
movieId: LuV3  actor: Walter Chiari
movieId: LuV3  actor: Gastone Renzelli
movieId: LuV20  actor: Alida Valli
movieId: LuV20  actor: Farley Granger
movieId: LuV20  actor: Massimo Girotti
movieId: LuV20  actor: Christian Marquand
movieId: LuV30  actor: Annie Girardot
movieId: LuV30  actor: Alain Delon
movieId: LuV30  actor: Renato Salvatori
movieId: LuV30  actor: Katina Paxinou
movieId: LuV30  actor: Paolo Stoppa
movieId: LuV30  actor: Roger Hanin
movieId: LuV30  actor: Claudia Cardinale
movieId: LuV30  actor: Suzy Delair
movieId: LuV40  actor: Anita Ekberg
movieId: LuV40  actor: s a
movieId: LuV40  actor: Romy Schneider
movieId: LuV40  actor: s a
movieId: LuV40  actor: Sophia loren
movieId: LuV40  actor: s a
movieId: LuV50  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: LuV50  actor: Alain Delon
movieId: LuV50  actor: Claudia Cardinale
movieId: LuV50  actor: Paolo Stoppa
movieId: LuV50  actor: Rina Morelli
movieId: LuV50  actor: Romolo Valli
movieId: LuV50  actor: Olimpia Cavalli
movieId: LuV50  actor: Lucilla Morlacchi
movieId: LuV50  actor: Serge Reggiani
movieId: LuV50  actor: Guiliano Gemma
movieId: LuV60  actor: Dirk Bogarde
movieId: LuV60  actor: Charlotte Rampling
movieId: LuV60  actor: Helmut Berger
movieId: LuV64  actor: Dirk Bogarde
movieId: LuV64  actor: Bjorn Andresen
movieId: LuV64  actor: Mark Burns
movieId: LuV64  actor: Silvana Mangano
movieId: LuV64  actor: Franco Fabrizi
movieId: LuV64  actor: Romolo Valli
movieId: LuV64  actor: Marisa Berenson
movieId: LuV64  actor: Carol Andre
movieId: LuV68  actor: Helmut Berger
movieId: LuV80  actor: Jennifer ONeill
movieId: LuV80  actor: Giancarlo Giannini
movieId: LuV80  actor: Laura Antonelli
movieId: LuV80  actor: Marie Dubois
movieId: LuV80  actor: Marc Porel
movieId: LuV80  actor: Rina Morelli
movieId: LuV80  actor: Claude Mann
movieId: LuV80  actor: Massimo Girotti
movieId: LuV80  actor: Didier Haudepin
movieId: LVa10  actor: Lou Diamond Phillips
movieId: LVa10  actor: Esai Morales
movieId: LVa10  actor: Rosana deSoto
movieId: LVa10  actor: Danielle vonZerneck
movieId: LVa10  actor: Joe Pantoliano
movieId: LVa10  actor: Elizabeth Pena
movieId: LVa12  actor: Danny Valdez
movieId: LvK8  actor: Alexandra Khokholva
movieId: LvK8  actor: Sergai Kamorov
movieId: LvK8  actor: Vladimir Fogel
movieId: LvK8  actor: Porfiri Podobed
movieId: LvT10  actor: JeanMarc Barr
movieId: LvT10  actor: Ernst Hugo Jaregard
movieId: LvT10  actor: Barbara Sukowa
movieId: LvT10  actor: Jorgen Reenberg
movieId: LvT10  actor: Eddie Constantine
movieId: LvT10  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: LvT20  actor: Emily Watson
movieId: LvT20  actor: Stellan Skarsgard
movieId: LvT25  actor: Bjork
movieId: LvT25  actor: Vladica Kostic
movieId: LvT25  actor: David Morse
movieId: LvT25  actor: Cara Seymor
movieId: LvT25  actor: Catherine Deneuve
movieId: LvT25  actor: Peter Stormage
movieId: LWo10  actor: Haile Gebrselassie
movieId: LwS90  actor: Tom Mix
movieId: LwS130  actor: Warren Oland
movieId: LwS130  actor: May Brian
movieId: LwS130  actor: Thomas Beck
movieId: LwS130  actor: Erik Rhodes
movieId: LwS130  actor: s a
movieId: LwS130  actor: s a
movieId: LwS130  actor: s a
movieId: LwS150  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: LwS150  actor: Gale Page
movieId: LwS150  actor: The Dead End Kids
movieId: LwS160  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: LwS160  actor: Gale Page
movieId: LwS160  actor: Billy Halop
movieId: LwS160  actor: John Litel
movieId: LwS160  actor: Henry Travers
movieId: LwS160  actor: Harvey Stephens
movieId: LwS160  actor: Harold Huber
movieId: LwS160  actor: Joe Sawyer
movieId: LwS160  actor: Joseph Grehan
movieId: LwS160  actor: John Ridgeby
movieId: LwS160  actor: Herbert Robinson
movieId: LwS160  actor: George E. Stone
movieId: LwS160  actor: Joe Downing
movieId: LwS160  actor: Joseph King
movieId: LwS166  actor: Ann Sheridan
movieId: LwS166  actor: Jeffrey Lynn
movieId: LwS166  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: LwS166  actor: Zasu Pitts
movieId: LwS166  actor: Una OConnor
movieId: LwS166  actor: Jessie Busley
movieId: LwS166  actor: John Litel
movieId: LwS166  actor: Grant Mitchell
movieId: LwS166  actor: Felix Bressart
movieId: LwS180  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: LwS180  actor: Randolph Scott
movieId: LwS180  actor: John Wayne
movieId: LwS180  actor: Frank Craven
movieId: LwS180  actor: Louise Allbritton
movieId: LwS180  actor: Shemp Howard
movieId: LwS180  actor: Ludwig Stossel
movieId: LwS180  actor: Thomas Gomez
movieId: LwS190  actor: Carmen Miranda
movieId: LwS190  actor: Michael OShea
movieId: LwS190  actor: Vivian Blaine
movieId: LwS190  actor: Phil Silvers
movieId: LwS190  actor: Sheila Ryan
movieId: LwS190  actor: Perry Como
movieId: LwT10  actor: Martin Landau
movieId: LwT10  actor: Frank Gorshin
movieId: LwT10  actor: John Marley
movieId: LwT10  actor: Sharon x
movieId: LwT10  actor: s a
movieId: LwT10  actor: s a
movieId: LwT10  actor: Richard Helle
movieId: LwT20  actor: Pamela Sue Martin
movieId: LwT20  actor: Louise Fletcher
movieId: LwT20  actor: Robert Conrad
movieId: LwT20  actor: Robert Hogan
movieId: LwT20  actor: Rod Gist
movieId: LwT30  actor: Tom Skerritt
movieId: LwT30  actor: Patti LuPone
movieId: LwT30  actor: Michael Sarrazin
movieId: LwT30  actor: Yaphet Kotto
movieId: LwT33  actor: Dee Wallace
movieId: LwT33  actor: Danny Pintauro
movieId: LwT33  actor: Daniel Hugh-Kelly
movieId: LwT33  actor: s a
movieId: LwT33  actor: Christopher Stone
movieId: LwT33  actor: Ed Lauter
movieId: LwT39  actor: Michael Douglas
movieId: LwT39  actor: Kathleen Turner
movieId: LwT39  actor: Danny deVito
movieId: LwT39  actor: Spiros Ficas
movieId: LwT39  actor: s a
movieId: LwT50  actor: Charlie Sheen
movieId: LwT50  actor: Michael Biehn
movieId: LwT50  actor: Joanne WhalleyKilmer
movieId: LwT50  actor: Rick Rossovich
movieId: LwT50  actor: Cyril OReilly
movieId: LwT50  actor: Bill Paxton
movieId: LwT50  actor: Dennis Haysbert
movieId: LwT50  actor: Paul Sanchez
movieId: LwT50  actor: Nicholas kadi
movieId: LwT50  actor: Ron Joseph
movieId: LwT50  actor: Richard Venture
movieId: LwT50  actor: Greg McKinney
movieId: LwT50  actor: Rob Moran
movieId: LwT50  actor: Mark Carlton
movieId: LwT50  actor: S.Epatha Merkerson
movieId: LyD10  actor: Corey Haim
movieId: LyD10  actor: Evan Richards
movieId: LyD10  actor: Jeremy Slate
movieId: LyD10  actor: Tracy Fraim
movieId: LyD10  actor: Randall England
movieId: LyD10  actor: Brittney Lewis
movieId: LyD10  actor: James MacKrell
movieId: LyD10  actor: Suzanne Kent
movieId: LyD10  actor: Susan Seaforth Hayes
movieId: LyD10  actor: Brynja McGrady
movieId: LyD10  actor: Don Shanks
movieId: LyD10  actor: Michael Flynn
movieId: LyD10  actor: Sam Shamstak
movieId: LyD10  actor: Fenton Terry
movieId: LyL1  actor: Alexander X
movieId: LyL1  actor: William Devane
movieId: MA2  actor: Steve Cochran
movieId: MA2  actor: Alida Valli
movieId: MA2  actor: s a
movieId: MA2  actor: Betsy Blair
movieId: MA2  actor: Dorian Gray
movieId: MA2  actor: Lyn Shaw
movieId: MA3  actor: s a
movieId: MA3  actor: Gabriele Ferzetti
movieId: MA3  actor: Monica Vitti
movieId: MA4  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: MA4  actor: Monica Vitti
movieId: MA4  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: MA4  actor: Bernard Wicki
movieId: MA5  actor: Monica Vitti
movieId: MA5  actor: Alain Delon
movieId: MA5  actor: Francisco Rabal
movieId: MA6  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: MA6  actor: Maria Schneider
movieId: MA6  actor: Jenny Runacre
movieId: MA6  actor: Ian Hendry
movieId: MA8  actor: Vanessa Redgrave
movieId: MA8  actor: David Hemmings
movieId: MA8  actor: Sarah Miles
movieId: MA8  actor: Verushka
movieId: MA8  actor: Jane Birkin
movieId: MA8  actor: Peter Bowles
movieId: MA8  actor: Jill Kennington
movieId: MA38  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: MA38  actor: Sophie Moreau
movieId: MA38  actor: Fanny Ardant
movieId: MaA10  actor: Alfre Woodard
movieId: MaA10  actor: Wesley Snipes
movieId: MaB1  actor: Barbara Steele
movieId: MaB1  actor: Barbara Steele
movieId: MaB1  actor: Arturo Dominici
movieId: MaB1  actor: John Richardson
movieId: MaB10  actor: Eve Bartok
movieId: MaB10  actor: Cameron Mitchell
movieId: MaB10  actor: Thomas Reiner
movieId: MaB30  actor: Claudine Auger
movieId: MaC1  actor: Nicolas Cage
movieId: MaC1  actor: Deborah Foreman
movieId: MaC1  actor: Michael Bowen
movieId: MaC1  actor: Elizabeth Dailey
movieId: MaC1  actor: Cameron Dye
movieId: MaC1  actor: Heidi Holicker
movieId: MaC1  actor: Colleen Camp
movieId: MaC1  actor: Frederic Forrest
movieId: MaC8  actor: Laura Dern
movieId: MaC8  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: MaC8  actor: Lukas Haas
movieId: MaC8  actor: Diane Ladd
movieId: MaC10  actor: Holly Hunter
movieId: MaC10  actor: Bill Pullman
movieId: MaC10  actor: Julian Sands
movieId: MaC10  actor: Gena Rowlands
movieId: MaC10  actor: Frances McDormand
movieId: MaC10  actor: Herta Ware
movieId: MaC11  actor: Mercedes Ruehl
movieId: MaC11  actor: David Strathairn
movieId: MaC11  actor: Richard Dreyfus
movieId: MaC11  actor: Irene Worth
movieId: MaC11  actor: Brad Stoll
movieId: MaC11  actor: Mike Damus
movieId: MaC12  actor: Geena Davis
movieId: MaC12  actor: James Gandolfini
movieId: MaC12  actor: Stephen Rea
movieId: MaC12  actor: Philip Bosco
movieId: MaC12  actor: Jenny OHara
movieId: MaC12  actor: Aida Turturro
movieId: MaC15  actor: Halle Berry
movieId: MaC15  actor: Brent Spiner
movieId: MaC15  actor: Obba Baratunde
movieId: MaC15  actor: Loretta Devine
movieId: MaC15  actor: Cynda Williams
movieId: MaC15  actor: LaTanya Richardson
movieId: MaC15  actor: Tamara Taylor
movieId: MaC15  actor: Alexis Carrington
movieId: MaC15  actor: Klaus Maria Brandauer
movieId: MAD10  actor: Melanie Griffeth
movieId: MAD10  actor: Don Johnson
movieId: MAD10  actor: Elijah Wood
movieId: MaG10  actor: Andreas Herder
movieId: MaG10  actor: Dina Leipzig
movieId: MaG10  actor: Cyrille ReyCoquis
movieId: MaH10  actor: Robert J. Steinmiller~jr.
movieId: MaH10  actor: Danny deVito
movieId: MaH10  actor: Miko Hughes
movieId: MaH10  actor: Gary Sinise
movieId: MaH10  actor: Julia LouisDreyfus
movieId: MaH15  actor: Catherine McCormack
movieId: MaH15  actor: Rufus Sewell
movieId: MaH15  actor: Oliver Platt
movieId: MaH15  actor: Jaqueline Bisset
movieId: MaH15  actor: Beatrice Fernier
movieId: MaI10  actor: Iris Berben
movieId: MaI10  actor: Martina Gedeck
movieId: MaI10  actor: Jeanette Hain
movieId: MaI10  actor: Olli Dittrich
movieId: MaI10  actor: Thomas Heinze
movieId: MaI10  actor: Dirk Bach
movieId: MMj10  actor: Mohsen Ramezani
movieId: MMj10  actor: s a
movieId: MMj10  actor: Elham Shari
movieId: MAk10  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: MAk10  actor: Irene Pappas
movieId: MAl5  actor: Josephine Baker
movieId: MAl5  actor: Jean Gabin
movieId: MAl13  actor: Danielle Darrieux
movieId: MAl13  actor: Leo Glenn
movieId: MAl13  actor: Erno Crisa
movieId: MaM1  actor: Maggie Smith
movieId: MaM1  actor: Michael Palin
movieId: MaM2  actor: Teri Garr
movieId: MaM2  actor: Bruce McGill
movieId: MaM2  actor: Randy Quaid
movieId: MaM2  actor: John Lithgow
movieId: MaN30  actor: Mary Pickford
movieId: MaN30  actor: Dixie Dunbar
movieId: MaN35  actor: Mary Pickford
movieId: MaN35  actor: William Scott
movieId: MaN35  actor: Norman Kerry
movieId: MaN35  actor: s a
movieId: MaN40  actor: Mary Pickford
movieId: MaN40  actor: Mahlon Hamilton
movieId: MaN50  actor: Lina Basquette
movieId: MAp24  actor: Vanessa Redgrave
movieId: MAp24  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: MAp24  actor: Timothy Dalton
movieId: MAp24  actor: Helen Morse
movieId: MAp24  actor: Celia Gregory
movieId: MAp24  actor: Timothy West
movieId: MAp25  actor: Sissy Spacek
movieId: MAp25  actor: Tommy Lee Jones
movieId: MAp25  actor: Beverly D'Angelo
movieId: MAp25  actor: John Belushi
movieId: MAp25  actor: Blair Brown
movieId: MAp29  actor: William Hurt
movieId: MAp29  actor: Lee Marvin
movieId: MAp29  actor: Joanna Pacula
movieId: MAp29  actor: Brian Dennehy
movieId: MAp29  actor: Ian Bannen
movieId: MAp29  actor: Michael Elphnick
movieId: MAp29  actor: Richard Griffiths
movieId: MAp29  actor: Alexander Knox
movieId: MAp39  actor: Sigourney Weaver
movieId: MAp42  actor: Sam Shepard
movieId: MAp42  actor: Val Kilmer
movieId: MAp42  actor: Graham Greene
movieId: MAp42  actor: Fred Ward
movieId: MAp43  actor: s a
movieId: MAp43  actor: Robert Reford
movieId: MAp45  actor: Madeleine Stowe
movieId: MAp45  actor: Aidan Quinn
movieId: MAp45  actor: Peter Friedman
movieId: MAp45  actor: James Remar
movieId: MAp45  actor: Laurie Metcalf
movieId: MAp45  actor: s a
movieId: MAp45  actor: Bruce A. Young
movieId: MAp45  actor: sa
movieId: MAp45  actor: The Drovers
movieId: MAp47  actor: Jodie Foster
movieId: MAp47  actor: Liam Neeson
movieId: MAp47  actor: Natasha Richardson
movieId: MAp47  actor: Richard Libertini
movieId: MAp50  actor: Hugh Grant
movieId: MAp50  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: MAp50  actor: Sarah Jessica Parker
movieId: MAp50  actor: David Morse
movieId: MAp50  actor: Paul Guilfoyle
movieId: MAp50  actor: Debra Monk
movieId: MAp50  actor: s a
movieId: MAp50  actor: Marylin Stonehouse
movieId: MAp51  actor: Pierce Brosnan
movieId: MAp51  actor: Sophie Marceau
movieId: MAp51  actor: Robert Carlyle
movieId: MAp51  actor: Denise Richards
movieId: MAp51  actor: Judi Dench
movieId: MAp51  actor: John Cleese
movieId: MAp51  actor: Robie Coltrane
movieId: MAp51  actor: Goldie
movieId: MAp51  actor: Desmond Llewelyn
movieId: MaT10  actor: Robert Warwick
movieId: MaT10  actor: Robert Cummings
movieId: MaT10  actor: Alec B. Francis
movieId: MaT10  actor: s a
movieId: MaT10  actor: John Hines
movieId: MaT10  actor: David Flanagan
movieId: MaT25  actor: Mary Pickford
movieId: MaT27  actor: Mary Pickford
movieId: MaT40  actor: Gabriel Gabrio
movieId: MAu10  actor: sa
movieId: MAu10  actor: sa
movieId: MAu10  actor: sa
movieId: MAu10  actor: sa
movieId: MB1  actor: Zero Mostel
movieId: MB1  actor: Gene Wilder
movieId: MB1  actor: Kenneth Mars
movieId: MB1  actor: Estelle Wildwood
movieId: MB1  actor: Christopher Hewett
movieId: MB1  actor: Lee Meredith
movieId: MB1  actor: Andreas Voutsina
movieId: MB1  actor: Dick Shawn
movieId: MB1  actor: Renee Taylor
movieId: MB1  actor: Mel Brooks
movieId: MB2  actor: Ron Moody
movieId: MB2  actor: Mel Brooks
movieId: MB2  actor: Dom DeLuise
movieId: MB2  actor: Frank Langella
movieId: MB2  actor: Bridget Brice
movieId: MB2  actor: Diana Coupland
movieId: MB3  actor: Cleavon Little
movieId: MB3  actor: Harvey Korman
movieId: MB3  actor: Madeline Kahn
movieId: MB3  actor: Gene Wilder
movieId: MB3  actor: Slim Pickens
movieId: MB3  actor: David Huddleston
movieId: MB3  actor: Mel Brooks
movieId: MB3  actor: Alex Karras
movieId: MB3  actor: Dom DeLuise
movieId: MB3  actor: John Hillerman
movieId: MB3  actor: Liam Dunn
movieId: MB3  actor: Richard Collier
movieId: MB4  actor: Gene Wilder
movieId: MB4  actor: Peter Boyle
movieId: MB4  actor: Madeline Kahn
movieId: MB4  actor: Marty Feldman
movieId: MB4  actor: Cloris Leachman
movieId: MB4  actor: Teri Garr
movieId: MB4  actor: Liam Dunn
movieId: MB4  actor: Richard Haydn
movieId: MB4  actor: Kenneth Mars
movieId: MB4  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: MB4  actor: Mel Brooks
movieId: MB5  actor: Mel Brooks
movieId: MB5  actor: Marty Feldman
movieId: MB5  actor: Dom DeLuise
movieId: MB5  actor: Bernadette Peters
movieId: MB5  actor: Marcel Marceau
movieId: MB5  actor: Anne Bancroft
movieId: MB5  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: MB5  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: MB5  actor: Liza Minnelli
movieId: MB5  actor: James Caan
movieId: MB5  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: MB6  actor: Mel Brooks
movieId: MB6  actor: Madeline Kahn
movieId: MB6  actor: Cloris Leachman
movieId: MB6  actor: Harvey Korman
movieId: MB6  actor: Dick VanPatten
movieId: MB6  actor: Howard Morris
movieId: MB6  actor: Ron Carey
movieId: MB9  actor: Mel Brooks
movieId: MB9  actor: Dom DeLuise
movieId: MB9  actor: Madeline Kahn
movieId: MB10  actor: Harry Hamlin
movieId: MB10  actor: Mimi Rogers
movieId: MB10  actor: Kenneth McMillan
movieId: MB15  actor: Dick Gautier
movieId: MB15  actor: Dick vanPatten
movieId: MB15  actor: Henry Polic~II
movieId: MB15  actor: Ron Rifkin
movieId: MB15  actor: David Sabin
movieId: MB15  actor: Bernie Kopell
movieId: MB15  actor: Misty Rowe
movieId: MB15  actor: Jane A. Johnston
movieId: MB17  actor: Bill Pullman
movieId: MB17  actor: John Candy
movieId: MB17  actor: Rick Moranis
movieId: MB20  actor: Mel Brooks
movieId: MB20  actor: Lesley Ann Warren
movieId: MB22  actor: Cary Elwes
movieId: MB22  actor: Patrick Stewart
movieId: MBa27  actor: George Formby
movieId: MBa27  actor: Florence Desmond
movieId: MBa27  actor: Alastair Sim
movieId: MBa27  actor: Gus McNaugton
movieId: MBa27  actor: Harry Tate
movieId: MBb10  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: MBb10  actor: Wesley Snipes
movieId: MBb10  actor: Sandra Bullock
movieId: MBb10  actor: Nigel Hawthorne
movieId: MBb15  actor: Alicia Silverstone
movieId: MBb15  actor: Benicio delToro
movieId: MBb15  actor: Christopher Walken
movieId: MBb15  actor: Jack Thompson
movieId: MBd10  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: MBd10  actor: Karl Malden
movieId: MBd10  actor: Pina Pellicer
movieId: MBd10  actor: Slim Pickens
movieId: MBd10  actor: Katy Jurado
movieId: MBd10  actor: Ben Johnson
movieId: MBd10  actor: Timothy Carey
movieId: MBd10  actor: Elisha Cook~jr.
movieId: MBe1  actor: s a
movieId: MBe1  actor: s a
movieId: MBe2  actor: s a
movieId: MBe2  actor: s a
movieId: MBe2  actor: Glauco Mauri
movieId: MBe2  actor: Elda Tattoli
movieId: MBe2  actor: s a
movieId: MBe4  actor: s a
movieId: MBe8  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: MBe10  actor: Marushka Detmers
movieId: MBe10  actor: Federico Pizalis
movieId: MBe18  actor: Claire Nebout
movieId: MBe18  actor: Vittorio Mezzogiorno
movieId: MBg10  actor: s a
movieId: MBg10  actor: s a
movieId: MBi10  actor: Alan Arkin
movieId: MBi10  actor: Sam Raimi
movieId: MBi10  actor: Diane Lane
movieId: MBi10  actor: Elizabeth Perkins
movieId: MBi10  actor: Bill Paxton
movieId: MBi10  actor: Julie Warner
movieId: MBi10  actor: Elizabeth Perkins
movieId: MBi10  actor: Vincent Spano
movieId: MBi10  actor: Kevin Pollack
movieId: MBi10  actor: Matt Craven
movieId: MBi10  actor: Kimberly Williams
movieId: MBk10  actor: Alessandro Nivola
movieId: MBk10  actor: Josh Brolin
movieId: MBk10  actor: Reese Witherspoon
movieId: MBl5  actor: Michel Blanc
movieId: MBl5  actor: Gerard Lanvin
movieId: MBm1  actor: Alan Arkin
movieId: MBm1  actor: Madeleine Kahn
movieId: MBm1  actor: Austin Pendleton
movieId: MBm1  actor: Judy Graubert
movieId: MBm1  actor: William Finley
movieId: MBm1  actor: Fred Gwynne
movieId: MBm3  actor: Chistopher Collen
movieId: MBm3  actor: John Lithgow
movieId: MBm3  actor: Jill Eisenberry
movieId: MBm3  actor: Cynthia Nixon
movieId: MBm3  actor: John Mehrer
movieId: MBn10  actor: Catherine Deneuve
movieId: MBn10  actor: Giancarlo Giannino
movieId: MBn10  actor: Fernando Rey
movieId: MBn10  actor: Marcel Bozzufi
movieId: MBn10  actor: s a
movieId: MBo7  actor: Anibali Marchi
movieId: MBo10  actor: Steve Reeves
movieId: MBo10  actor: Christine Kaufman
movieId: MBo10  actor: Fernando Rey
movieId: MBo11  actor: Steve Reeves
movieId: MBo11  actor: Gordon Scott
movieId: MBo16  actor: Gordon Scott
movieId: MBo17  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: MBr1  actor: Eddie Murphy
movieId: MBr1  actor: Judge Reinhold
movieId: MBr1  actor: Lisa Eilbacher
movieId: MBr1  actor: John Ashton
movieId: MBr1  actor: Ronny Cox
movieId: MBr1  actor: Steven Berkoff
movieId: MBr1  actor: James Russo
movieId: MBr4  actor: Robert DeNiro
movieId: MBr4  actor: Charles Grodin
movieId: MBr4  actor: Yaphet Kotto
movieId: MBr4  actor: John Ashton
movieId: MBr4  actor: Dennis Farina
movieId: MBr4  actor: Pantoliano
movieId: MBr5  actor: George Burns
movieId: MBr5  actor: Art Carney
movieId: MBr5  actor: Lee Strasberg
movieId: MBr10  actor: Eddie Murphy
movieId: MBr10  actor: Judge Reinhold
movieId: MBr10  actor: Lisa Eilbacher
movieId: MBr10  actor: John Ashton
movieId: MBr10  actor: Ronny Cox
movieId: MBr10  actor: Stephen Elliott
movieId: MBr10  actor: Bronson Pinchot
movieId: MBr10  actor: Steven Berkoff
movieId: MBr10  actor: Fames Russo
movieId: MBr19  actor: Al Pacino
movieId: MBr19  actor: Chris ODonnell
movieId: MBr19  actor: James Rebhorn
movieId: MBr19  actor: Gabrielle Anwar
movieId: MBr25  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: MBr25  actor: Brad Pitt
movieId: MBr25  actor: Claire Forlani
movieId: MBr25  actor: s a
movieId: MBr25  actor: Jake Weber
movieId: MBu10  actor: Robert Ginty
movieId: MBy2  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: MBy2  actor: Nicolas Cage
movieId: MBy2  actor: Ed Harrris
movieId: MBy2  actor: Michael Biehn
movieId: MBy2  actor: John Spencer
movieId: MBy2  actor: Tony Toola
movieId: MBy2  actor: William Forsythe
movieId: MBy5  actor: Bruce Willis
movieId: MBy5  actor: Billy Bob Thornton
movieId: MBy5  actor: Bob Affleck
movieId: MBy5  actor: Liv Tyler
movieId: MBy5  actor: Steve Buscemi
movieId: MBy5  actor: Owen Wilson
movieId: MBy5  actor: Will Patton
movieId: MBy5  actor: Keith David
movieId: MBy5  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: MC3  actor: Jean Gabin
movieId: MC4  actor: Louis Jouvet
movieId: MC4  actor: Arletty
movieId: MC4  actor: Bernard Blier
movieId: MC5  actor: Jean Gabin
movieId: MC5  actor: Jules Berry
movieId: MC5  actor: Arletty
movieId: MC5  actor: Jaqueline Laurant
movieId: MC6  actor: Arletty
movieId: MC6  actor: Jules Berry
movieId: MC6  actor: Marie Dea
movieId: MC6  actor: Alain Cuny
movieId: MC6  actor: Fernand Ledoux
movieId: MC6  actor: Marcel Herrand
movieId: MC7  actor: Arletty
movieId: MC7  actor: JeanLouis Barrault
movieId: MC7  actor: Pierre Brasseur
movieId: MC7  actor: Marcel Herrand
movieId: MC7  actor: Maria Casares
movieId: MC7  actor: Louis Salon
movieId: MC7  actor: Pierre Renoir
movieId: MC8  actor: Yves Montand
movieId: MC8  actor: Nathalie Nattier
movieId: MC9  actor: Jean Gabin
movieId: MC9  actor: Blanchette Brunoy
movieId: MC9  actor: Nicole Courcel
movieId: MC9  actor: Claude Romain
movieId: MC9  actor: Claude Romain
movieId: MC9  actor: Luis Cseigner
movieId: MC9  actor: Jeanne Marken
movieId: MC9  actor: Carette
movieId: MC11  actor: Jacques Duby
movieId: MC11  actor: Simone Signoret
movieId: MC11  actor: Raf Vallone
movieId: MC11  actor: Roland Lesaffre
movieId: MC11  actor: s a
movieId: MC11  actor: Frankfurter
movieId: MC11  actor: Sylvie
movieId: MCa10  actor: Lewis FitxGerald
movieId: MCa10  actor: Kris McQuade
movieId: MCa10  actor: Caroline Gilmer
movieId: MCa10  actor: Paul Smith
movieId: MCb10  actor: Stacy Keach
movieId: MCb10  actor: Pia Zadora
movieId: MCb10  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: MCC12  actor: Preston Foster
movieId: MCC12  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: MCC12  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: MCC12  actor: Dorothy Cooper
movieId: MCC12  actor: David Holt
movieId: MCC12  actor: s a
movieId: MCC12  actor: John Wood
movieId: MCC12  actor: Dorothy Wilson
movieId: MCC12  actor: Louis Calhern
movieId: MCC12  actor: Wyrly Birch
movieId: MCC12  actor: Gloria Shea
movieId: MCC12  actor: Frank Conroy
movieId: MCC12  actor: William V. Mong
movieId: MCC12  actor: Murray Kinnell
movieId: MCC12  actor: Henry Kolker
movieId: MCr10  actor: Angelina Jolie
movieId: MCr10  actor: Antonio Banderas
movieId: MCr10  actor: Thomas Jane
movieId: MCr10  actor: sa
movieId: MCr10  actor: Gregory
movieId: MCg10  actor: Paule Meurisse
movieId: MCh1  actor: Tom Cruise
movieId: MCh1  actor: Craig T. Nelson
movieId: MCh1  actor: Lea Thompson
movieId: MCh2  actor: Peter Coyote
movieId: MCh2  actor: Victoria Tennant
movieId: MCh2  actor: Richard Romanus
movieId: MCh2  actor: Blaine Novak
movieId: MCh2  actor: s a
movieId: MCh2  actor: s a
movieId: MCh2  actor: s a
movieId: MCh5  actor: Helen Mirren
movieId: MCh5  actor: John Shea
movieId: MCi1  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: MCi1  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: MCi1  actor: Jeff Bridges
movieId: MCi1  actor: Luanne Roberts
movieId: MCi2  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: MCi2  actor: John Cazale
movieId: MCi2  actor: John Savage
movieId: MCi2  actor: Christopher Walken
movieId: MCi2  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: MCi2  actor: Rutanya Alda
movieId: MCi2  actor: Pierre Segui
movieId: MCi2  actor: George Dzunda
movieId: MCi2  actor: Chuck Aspegren
movieId: MCi3  actor: Kris Kristofferson
movieId: MCi3  actor: Christopher Walken
movieId: MCi3  actor: Isabelle Huppert
movieId: MCi3  actor: Jeff Bridges
movieId: MCi3  actor: John Hurt
movieId: MCi3  actor: Brad Dourif
movieId: MCi3  actor: Richard Masur
movieId: MCi3  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: MCi3  actor: Sam Waterston
movieId: MCi10  actor: Mickey Rourke
movieId: MCi10  actor: Mimi Rogers
movieId: MCi10  actor: Kelly Lynch
movieId: MCi10  actor: Lindsay Crouse
movieId: MCi10  actor: Elias Koteas
movieId: MCi10  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: MCJ1  actor: Joanne Whalley
movieId: MCJ1  actor: Bridget Fonda
movieId: MCJ1  actor: John Hurt
movieId: MCJ1  actor: Ian McKellen
movieId: MCJ1  actor: Britt Ekland
movieId: MCJ1  actor: Roland Gift
movieId: MCJ1  actor: Joroen Krabbe
movieId: MCJ10  actor: Matthew Modine
movieId: MCJ10  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: MCJ10  actor: Tate Donovan
movieId: MCJ10  actor: D.B. Sweeney
movieId: MCJ10  actor: Billy Zane
movieId: MCJ10  actor: Sean Astin
movieId: MCJ10  actor: Harry Connick~jr
movieId: MCJ10  actor: Reed Edward Diamond
movieId: MCJ10  actor: Courtney Gains
movieId: MCJ10  actor: Neil Giuntoli
movieId: MCJ10  actor: David Straithearn
movieId: MCJ10  actor: John Lithgow
movieId: MCJ12  actor: Michael J. Fox
movieId: MCJ12  actor: Julie Warner
movieId: MCJ12  actor: Bridget Fonda
movieId: MCJ12  actor: Bernard Hughes
movieId: MCJ12  actor: Woody Harrelson
movieId: MCJ12  actor: D.O. Stearns
movieId: MCJ12  actor: F Steeky
movieId: MCJ12  actor: M. Warkles
movieId: MCJ12  actor: s a
movieId: MCJ12  actor: s a
movieId: MCJ12  actor: Tom Lacy
movieId: MCJ12  actor: Bridget Fonda
movieId: MCJ14  actor: Leonardo DiCaprio
movieId: MCJ14  actor: Ellen Barkin
movieId: MCJ14  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: MCJ14  actor: Jonah Blechman
movieId: MCJ16  actor: Liam Neeson
movieId: MCJ16  actor: Jessica Lange
movieId: MCJ16  actor: John Hurt
movieId: MCJ16  actor: Tim Roth
movieId: MCJ16  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: MCJ16  actor: Brian Cox
movieId: MCJ16  actor: Andrew Keir
movieId: MCJ16  actor: sa
movieId: MCJ16  actor: sa
movieId: MCJ16  actor: sa
movieId: MCJ18  actor: Bruce Willis
movieId: MCJ18  actor: Richard Gere
movieId: MCm1  actor: Breno Mello
movieId: MCm1  actor: Marpessa Dawn
movieId: McR50  actor: Adele Dixon
movieId: McR50  actor: Douglass Montgomery
movieId: MCs3  actor: Dante Capelli
movieId: MCs3  actor: Maria Gasperi
movieId: MCs10  actor: Lyda Borelli
movieId: MCs10  actor: Dante Capelli
movieId: MCs10  actor: Maria CaseriniGasperini
movieId: MCs10  actor: Mario Bonnard
movieId: MCs10  actor: V.Rossi Pianelli
movieId: MCs10  actor: s a
movieId: MCs10  actor: s a
movieId: MCy2  actor: Melina Mercouri
movieId: MCy2  actor: Giorgos Foundas
movieId: MCy2  actor: Alekos Alexandrakis
movieId: MCy2  actor: Sophia Vembo
movieId: MCy5  actor: Irene Pappas
movieId: MCy5  actor: Aleka Catselli
movieId: MCy5  actor: Yannis Fertis
movieId: MCy5  actor: Manos Katrakis
movieId: MCy5  actor: s a
movieId: MCy5  actor: s a
movieId: MCy5  actor: s a
movieId: MCy5  actor: s a
movieId: MCy8  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: MCy8  actor: Alan Bates
movieId: MCy8  actor: Lila Kedrova
movieId: MCy10  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: MCy10  actor: Vanessa Redgrave
movieId: MCy10  actor: Genevieve Bujold
movieId: MCy10  actor: Irene Papas
movieId: MCy10  actor: Patrick Magee
movieId: MCy10  actor: Brian Blessed
movieId: MCy11  actor: Costa Kazakos
movieId: MCy11  actor: Irene Pappas
movieId: MCy11  actor: Casta Carras
movieId: MCy11  actor: Tatania Papamoskou
movieId: MCy11  actor: s a
movieId: MCy11  actor: s a
movieId: MCy11  actor: s a
movieId: MCy11  actor: s a
movieId: MDa5  actor: Raquel Welch
movieId: MDa5  actor: Bradford Dilman
movieId: MDa5  actor: George Clutesi
movieId: MDa10  actor: Graham Chapman
movieId: MDa10  actor: John Cleese
movieId: MDa10  actor: Marty Feldman
movieId: MDa10  actor: Cheech Marin
movieId: MDa10  actor: Thomas Chong
movieId: MDa10  actor: Madeline Kahn
movieId: MDa10  actor: Peter Boyle
movieId: MDa10  actor: James Mason
movieId: MdC10  actor: Rosalind Russel
movieId: MdC10  actor: Forrest Tucker
movieId: MdC10  actor: Coral Browne
movieId: MdC10  actor: Fred Clark
movieId: MdC10  actor: Roger Smith
movieId: MdC10  actor: Patric Knowles
movieId: MdC10  actor: Peggy Cass
movieId: MdC10  actor: Lee Patrick
movieId: MdC10  actor: Joanna Barnes
movieId: MdC16  actor: Robert Preston
movieId: MdC16  actor: Shirley Jones
movieId: MdC16  actor: Hermione Gingold
movieId: MdC16  actor: Baddy Hacken
movieId: MdC16  actor: Pert Kelton
movieId: MdC16  actor: Paul Ford
movieId: MdC16  actor: Ron Howard
movieId: MdH10  actor: Ai Ke\"ita
movieId: MdH10  actor: JeanRoger Milo
movieId: MdH10  actor: Feodor Atkine
movieId: MdH10  actor: Didier Savegain
movieId: MDi10  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: MDi10  actor: John Heard
movieId: MDi10  actor: Andrew McCarthy
movieId: MDi10  actor: Mary Stuart Masterson
movieId: MDi10  actor: Kevin Dillon
movieId: MDi10  actor: Kate Reid
movieId: MdJ10  actor: Marieke Heebink
movieId: MdJ10  actor: Mark Rietman
movieId: MdJ10  actor: Arend-Andre van Noord
movieId: MdJ10  actor: Meriet Kleiser
movieId: MdJ10  actor: s a
movieId: MDn10  actor: Gheorghe Dinica
movieId: MdO10  actor: s a
movieId: MdO10  actor: s a
movieId: MdO60  actor: s a
movieId: MdO62  actor: s a
movieId: MdO70  actor: s a
movieId: MdO75  actor: s a
movieId: MdO81  actor: s a
movieId: MdO81  actor: s a
movieId: MdO81  actor: s a
movieId: MdO85  actor: s a
movieId: MdO85  actor: s a
movieId: MdO87  actor: s a
movieId: MdO87  actor: s a
movieId: MdO87  actor: Samuel Beckett
movieId: MdO115  actor: Leonor Silveira
movieId: MdO121  actor: Chiara Mastroianni
movieId: MdO121  actor: Leonor Silveira
movieId: MdV5  actor: Michel Piccoli
movieId: MdV5  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: MdV5  actor: s a
movieId: MdV5  actor: s a
movieId: MdV5  actor: s a
movieId: MdV5  actor: s a
movieId: MdV5  actor: s a
movieId: MdV5  actor: s a
movieId: MdV10  actor: JeanHugues Anglade
movieId: MdV10  actor: Marie Trintignant
movieId: MdV14  actor: Jacques Dutronc
movieId: MdV14  actor: Mathilda May
movieId: MdV14  actor: Patrick Bruel
movieId: MDK10  actor: Josephine Baker
movieId: MDw10  actor: Romane Bohringer
movieId: MDw10  actor: Elsa Zylberstein
movieId: MDw10  actor: s a
movieId: MDw10  actor: s a
movieId: ME180  actor: Ivor Novello
movieId: ME240  actor: Derrick deMarney
movieId: ME240  actor: Diana Churchill
movieId: ME240  actor: Cecil Parker
movieId: ME240  actor: Jean Gillie
movieId: MeC10  actor: Joana
movieId: MeF10  actor: Anthony Perkins
movieId: MeF10  actor: Audrey Hepburn
movieId: MeF10  actor: Lee H. Cobb
movieId: MeF10  actor: Henry Silva
movieId: MeG12  actor: Tony Curtis
movieId: MeG12  actor: Anjanette Comer
movieId: MeG12  actor: Milton Berle
movieId: MeG15  actor: Peter Brown
movieId: MeG15  actor: Rick Jason
movieId: MeG15  actor: Joseph Shiloal
movieId: MeG30  actor: Elliott Gould
movieId: MeG30  actor: Sid Caesar
movieId: MeG30  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: MeG30  actor: Margaux Hemingway
movieId: MeG30  actor: Carol Kane
movieId: MeG30  actor: Burt Young
movieId: MeG40  actor: Chuck Norris
movieId: MeG40  actor: Lee Marvin
movieId: MeG40  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: MeG40  actor: Joey Bishop
movieId: MeG40  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: MeG40  actor: Robert Forster
movieId: MeG40  actor: Lainie Kazan
movieId: MeG40  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: MeG40  actor: Hanna Schygulla
movieId: MeG40  actor: Susan Strasberg
movieId: MeG40  actor: Bo Svenson
movieId: MeG40  actor: Robert Vaughn
movieId: MeG40  actor: Chella Goldberg
movieId: MeG51  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: MeG51  actor: s a
movieId: MeG51  actor: s a
movieId: MEk10  actor: Anna Laguna
movieId: MEk10  actor: Jan Azis
movieId: MEk10  actor: Mark Halsun
movieId: MEk10  actor: s a
movieId: MiM10  actor: sa
movieId: MiM13  actor: Jerome Robart
movieId: MiM13  actor: Phillippe Clevenot
movieId: MiM13  actor: Isabelle Ronayette
movieId: MiM13  actor: Vanessa Larre
movieId: MiM13  actor: sa
movieId: MiM13  actor: sa
movieId: MHe11  actor: Pete Postlewaite
movieId: MEl10  actor: Forest Whitaker
movieId: MEl10  actor: Jeff Glodblum
movieId: MeS10  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: MeS10  actor: Gregg Henry
movieId: MeS10  actor: Kay Lenz
movieId: MeS10  actor: Scatman Crothers
movieId: MeS10  actor: Tina Louise
movieId: MeS10  actor: Felton Perry
movieId: MeS10  actor: Gregory Sierra
movieId: MeS10  actor: James Wainwright
movieId: MeS10  actor: William Windom
movieId: MeW10  actor: Terry Becker
movieId: MeW10  actor: Elisa Loti
movieId: MeW10  actor: Ed Nelson
movieId: MeW10  actor: Bruno VeSota
movieId: MeW30  actor: Joseph Cotton
movieId: MeW30  actor: Sarah Bay
movieId: MeW30  actor: Mickey Hargitay
movieId: MF2  actor: Hanna Brejchova
movieId: MF2  actor: Josef Sebanek
movieId: MF2  actor: Vladimir Pucholt
movieId: MF4  actor: Kathy Bates
movieId: MF5  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: MF5  actor: Louise Fletcher
movieId: MF5  actor: Will Sampson
movieId: MF5  actor: William Redfield
movieId: MF5  actor: Brad Dourif
movieId: MF5  actor: Sydney Lassick
movieId: MF5  actor: Will Sampson
movieId: MF5  actor: Sydney Lassick
movieId: MF5  actor: Danny deVito
movieId: MF5  actor: Marya Small
movieId: MF5  actor: Brad Dourif
movieId: MF5  actor: Scatman Crothers
movieId: MF5  actor: Christopher Lloyd
movieId: MF5  actor: Nathan George
movieId: MF5  actor: Louise Moritz
movieId: MF5  actor: Michael Berryman
movieId: MF5  actor: Dean R. Brooks
movieId: MF5  actor: Vincent Schiavelli
movieId: MF5  actor: Peter Brocco
movieId: MF6  actor: Treat Williams
movieId: MF6  actor: John Savage
movieId: MF6  actor: Beverly D'Angelo
movieId: MF6  actor: Don Dacus
movieId: MF6  actor: Michael Jeter
movieId: MF6  actor: Dorsey Wright
movieId: MF7  actor: Howard E. Rollins~jr.
movieId: MF7  actor: James Olson
movieId: MF7  actor: Mary Steenburgen
movieId: MF7  actor: Jimmy Cagney
movieId: MF7  actor: Pat OBrien
movieId: MF7  actor: Elizabeth McGovern
movieId: MF7  actor: Brad Dourif
movieId: MF7  actor: Moses Gunn
movieId: MF7  actor: Mandy Patinkin
movieId: MF7  actor: Robert Joy
movieId: MF7  actor: Kenneth McMillan
movieId: MF7  actor: Donald OConnor
movieId: MF7  actor: James Olson
movieId: MF7  actor: Samuel L. Jackson
movieId: MF8  actor: F.Murray Abraham
movieId: MF8  actor: Tom Hulce
movieId: MF8  actor: Elizabeth Berridge
movieId: MF8  actor: Roy Dotrice
movieId: MF8  actor: Simon Callow
movieId: MF8  actor: Christine Ebersole
movieId: MF8  actor: Charles Kay
movieId: MF8  actor: Cynthia Nixon
movieId: MF8  actor: Jeffrey Jones
movieId: MF8  actor: Patrick K. Hinses
movieId: MF8  actor: Kenny Baker
movieId: MF8  actor: Richard Frank
movieId: MF9  actor: Colin Firth
movieId: MF9  actor: Annette Bening
movieId: MF9  actor: Meg Tilly
movieId: MF9  actor: Fairuza Balk
movieId: MF15  actor: Woody Harrelson
movieId: MF15  actor: Courtney Love
movieId: MF15  actor: Ed Norton
movieId: MF18  actor: Jim Carrey
movieId: MF18  actor: Danny deVito
movieId: MFe10  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: MFe10  actor: Barry Sullivan
movieId: MFe25  actor: Ugo Tognazzi
movieId: Mfe40  actor: Ben Gazzara
movieId: MFe40  actor: Ornella Mutti
movieId: MFe40  actor: Susan Tyrell
movieId: MFe40  actor: Judith Drake
movieId: MFi10  actor: Richard Gere
movieId: MFi10  actor: Andy Garcia
movieId: MFi10  actor: Laurie Metcalf
movieId: MFi10  actor: Nancy Travis
movieId: MFi10  actor: Annabelle Sciorra
movieId: MFi10  actor: William Baldwin
movieId: MFi15  actor: Richard Gere
movieId: MFi15  actor: Lena Olin
movieId: MFi15  actor: Delroy Lindo
movieId: MFi16  actor: Albert Finney
movieId: MFi16  actor: Greta Sacchi
movieId: MFi16  actor: Matthew Modine
movieId: MFi16  actor: Michael Gambon
movieId: MFi16  actor: Julian Sands
movieId: MFi16  actor: Ben Silverstone
movieId: MFi18  actor: Nicholas Cage
movieId: MFi18  actor: Elizabeth Shue
movieId: MFi20  actor: Wesley Snipes
movieId: MFi20  actor: Ming Na Wen
movieId: MFi20  actor: Robert Downey~jr.
movieId: MFi20  actor: Natassja Kinski
movieId: MFi20  actor: Kyle Malachlan
movieId: MFi22  actor: Jonathan RysMeyers
movieId: MFi22  actor: Julian Sands
movieId: MFi22  actor: s a
movieId: MFi22  actor: Saffron Burrows
movieId: MFi22  actor: Saffron Burrows
movieId: MFo10  actor: Billy Bob Thornton
movieId: MFo10  actor: Halle Berry
movieId: MFo10  actor: Heath Ledger
movieId: MFo10  actor: Peter Boyle
movieId: MFo10  actor: Sean "P. Diddy" Combs
movieId: MFo10  actor: Mos Def
movieId: MFo10  actor: Milos Addica
movieId: MFo10  actor: Marcus Lyle Brown
movieId: MFr1  actor: Dick Powell
movieId: MFr1  actor: June Allyson
movieId: MFr1  actor: Cecil Kellaway
movieId: MFr1  actor: David Wayne
movieId: MFr2  actor: Robert Taylor
movieId: MFr2  actor: Eleanor Parker
movieId: MFr2  actor: James Whitmore
movieId: MFr2  actor: Larry Keating
movieId: MFr2  actor: Larry Gates
movieId: MFr5  actor: Danny Kaye
movieId: MFr5  actor: May Zetterling
movieId: MFr5  actor: David Burns
movieId: MFr5  actor: Abner Biberman
movieId: MFr5  actor: Gavin Gordon
movieId: MFr5  actor: Steve Geray
movieId: MFr5  actor: Diana Adams
movieId: MFr5  actor: Loon Askin
movieId: MFr16  actor: Doodles Weaver
movieId: MFr16  actor: Stubby Kaye
movieId: MFr23  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: MFr23  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: MFr23  actor: Dorothy Lamour
movieId: MFr23  actor: Joan Collins
movieId: MFr23  actor: Robert Morley
movieId: MFr23  actor: Felix Aylmer
movieId: MFr23  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: MFr23  actor: David Niven
movieId: MFr23  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: MFr23  actor: Dean Martin
movieId: MFr23  actor: Jerry Colonna
movieId: MFr29  actor: Glenda Jackson
movieId: MFr29  actor: George Segal
movieId: MFr29  actor: Paul Sorvino
movieId: MFr29  actor: Hildegarde Neil
movieId: MFr29  actor: Paul Sorvino
movieId: MFr33  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: MFr33  actor: Anne Bancroft
movieId: MFr33  actor: Gene Saks
movieId: MFr33  actor: Elizabeth Wilson
movieId: MFr33  actor: George Segal
movieId: MFr40  actor: Glenda Jackson
movieId: MFr40  actor: Maureen Stapleton
movieId: MFr40  actor: Hollis McLaren
movieId: MFr40  actor: John Cunningham
movieId: MFr40  actor: Paul Sorvino
movieId: MGA14  actor: Angela Molina
movieId: MGA14  actor: Margarita Lozano
movieId: MGA14  actor: Caroline Silva
movieId: MGA14  actor: s a
movieId: MGA14  actor: s a
movieId: MGA14  actor: s a
movieId: MGe5  actor: Sylvia Sidney
movieId: MGe5  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: MGe5  actor: Charles Ruggles
movieId: MGe5  actor: Irving Pichel
movieId: MGe5  actor: Louise Carter
movieId: MGe5  actor: Berton Churchill
movieId: MGe10  actor: Sylvia Sidney
movieId: MGe10  actor: Donald Cook
movieId: MGe10  actor: Edward Arnold
movieId: MGe10  actor: Mary Astor
movieId: MGe10  actor: H.B. Warner
movieId: MGe10  actor: Louise Carter
movieId: MGe10  actor: Theodore vonEltz
movieId: MGe10  actor: Jane Darwell
movieId: MGe12  actor: Sylvia Sidney
movieId: MGe12  actor: Sylvia Sidney
movieId: MGe12  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: MGe12  actor: Edward Arnold
movieId: MGe12  actor: Vince Bamett
movieId: MGe12  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: MGe12  actor: Robert McWade
movieId: MGe12  actor: Lucien Littlefield
movieId: MGo5  actor: Willeke van Ammelroy
movieId: MGo10  actor: Vanessa Redgrave
movieId: MGo10  actor: Natascha McElhone
movieId: MGo10  actor: Rupert Graves
movieId: MGo10  actor: Michael Kitchen
movieId: MGo10  actor: Allan Cox
movieId: MGo10  actor: Lena Heady
movieId: MGo10  actor: Amelia Bullmore
movieId: MGP10  actor: Victoria Abril
movieId: MGP10  actor: Javier Bardem
movieId: MGr10  actor: Teal Roberts
movieId: MGr10  actor: Cyndi Silver
movieId: MGr10  actor: Grant Cramer
movieId: MGr10  actor: Gary Wood
movieId: MGr10  actor: Michael Rapport
movieId: MGr10  actor: Sorrells Pickard
movieId: MGr10  actor: Roberta Collins
movieId: MGr15  actor: Brenda Bakke
movieId: MgT10  actor: Peter Arne
movieId: MgT10  actor: Kerwin Mathews
movieId: MGw5  actor: Suzy Amis
movieId: MGw5  actor: Ian McKellen
movieId: MGw5  actor: s a
movieId: Mgy5  actor: Patricia Arquette
movieId: Mgy5  actor: Rhyis Ifans
movieId: Mgy5  actor: Tim Robbins
movieId: Mgy5  actor: Miranda Otto
movieId: Mgy5  actor: Rosie Perez
movieId: Mgy5  actor: Hillary Duff
movieId: Mgy5  actor: Mary Kay Place
movieId: MHa10  actor: Kevin Corrigan
movieId: MHa10  actor: James Wood
movieId: MHa10  actor: Michael Rappaport
movieId: MHa10  actor: Linda Fiorentino
movieId: MHe10  actor: Pete Postlewaite
movieId: MHe10  actor: Tara Fitzgerald
movieId: MHe10  actor: Ewan McGregar
movieId: MHe10  actor: Jim Cater
movieId: MHe10  actor: Stephen Tompkinson
movieId: MHe15  actor: Jane Harrock
movieId: MHe15  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: MHe15  actor: Brenda Bluffin
movieId: MHe15  actor: Ewan McGregor
movieId: MHo10  actor: Sam Jones
movieId: MHo10  actor: Melody Anderson
movieId: MHo10  actor: Chaim Topol
movieId: MHo10  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: MHo10  actor: Brian Blessed
movieId: MHo10  actor: Mariangelo Melato
movieId: MiA6  actor: Richard Todd
movieId: MiA6  actor: Michael Redgrave
movieId: MiA6  actor: Basil Sidney
movieId: MiA6  actor: Derek Farr
movieId: MiA6  actor: Patrick Barr
movieId: MiA6  actor: Ernest Clark
movieId: MiA6  actor: Raymond Huntlry
movieId: MiA6  actor: Ursula Jeans
movieId: MiA6  actor: s a
movieId: MiA8  actor: David Niven
movieId: MiA8  actor: Cantinflas
movieId: MiA8  actor: Robert Newton
movieId: MiA8  actor: Shirley MacLaine
movieId: MiA8  actor: s a
movieId: MiA8  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: MiA8  actor: Joe E. Brown
movieId: MiA8  actor: Martine Carroll
movieId: MiA8  actor: John Carradine
movieId: MiA8  actor: Charles Coburn
movieId: MiA8  actor: Ronald Colman
movieId: MiA8  actor: Melville Cooper
movieId: MiA8  actor: Noel Coward
movieId: MiA8  actor: Finlay Currie
movieId: MiA8  actor: Reginald Denny
movieId: MiA8  actor: Andy Devine
movieId: MiA8  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: MiA8  actor: Luis Dominguin
movieId: MiA8  actor: Fernandel
movieId: MiA8  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: MiA8  actor: Hermione Gingold
movieId: MiA8  actor: Jose Greco
movieId: MiA8  actor: Cedric Hardwicke
movieId: MiA8  actor: Trevor Howard
movieId: MiA8  actor: Glynis Johns
movieId: MiA8  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: MiA8  actor: Evelyn Keyes
movieId: MiA8  actor: Beatrice Lillie
movieId: MiA8  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: MiA8  actor: Edmund Lowe
movieId: MiA8  actor: A.E. Mathews
movieId: MiA8  actor: Mike Mazurki
movieId: MiA8  actor: Tim McCoy
movieId: MiA8  actor: Victor McLaglen
movieId: MiA8  actor: John Mills
movieId: MiA8  actor: Alan Mowbray
movieId: MiA8  actor: Robert Morley
movieId: MiA8  actor: Jack Oakie
movieId: MiA8  actor: George Raft
movieId: MiA8  actor: Gilbert Roland
movieId: MiA8  actor: Cesar Romero
movieId: MiA8  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: MiA8  actor: Red Skelton
movieId: MiA8  actor: Ronald Squire
movieId: MiA8  actor: Basil Sidney
movieId: MiA8  actor: Harcourt Williams
movieId: MiA8  actor: Ed Murrow
movieId: MiA11  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: MiA11  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: MiA11  actor: Michael Redgrave
movieId: MiA11  actor: Emlyn Williams
movieId: MiA11  actor: Cecil Parker
movieId: MiA11  actor: Alexander Knox
movieId: MiA11  actor: Virginia McKenna
movieId: MiA11  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: MiA18  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: MiA18  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: MiA18  actor: David Janssen
movieId: MiA18  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: MiA18  actor: Oskar Werner
movieId: MiA18  actor: Leo McKern
movieId: MiA18  actor: Vittorio deSica
movieId: MiA18  actor: Barbara Jefford
movieId: MiA18  actor: Clive Revell
movieId: MiA18  actor: Paul Rogers
movieId: MiA18  actor: s a
movieId: MiA18  actor: s a
movieId: MiA22  actor: Michael York
movieId: MiA22  actor: Peter Ustinov
movieId: MiA22  actor: Jenny Agutter
movieId: MiA22  actor: Farrah Fawcett
movieId: MiA22  actor: Richard Jordan
movieId: MiA24  actor: Cliff Robertson
movieId: MiA24  actor: Jean Simmons
movieId: MiA24  actor: Judy Geeson
movieId: MiA24  actor: Michael Jayston
movieId: MiA24  actor: Flora Robson
movieId: MiA24  actor: David Tomlinson
movieId: MiA24  actor: Jack Warner
movieId: MiA25  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: MiA25  actor: Charlotte Rampling
movieId: MiA25  actor: Bo Derek
movieId: MiA25  actor: Will Sampson
movieId: MiA25  actor: John Carradine
movieId: MiA25  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: MiA25  actor: Wayne Heffler
movieId: MiA25  actor: Peter Hoofer
movieId: MiA25  actor: Kenneth Gentile
movieId: MiA27  actor: Rock Hudson
movieId: MiA27  actor: Gayle Hunicutt
movieId: MiA27  actor: Bernie Casey
movieId: MiB10  actor: Sergei Shakurov
movieId: MiC5  actor: Yul Brynner
movieId: MiC11  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: MiC11  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: MiC11  actor: LesleyAnne Down
movieId: MiC11  actor: Alan Webb
movieId: MiC11  actor: Gabrielle Lloyd
movieId: MiC11  actor: Robert Lang
movieId: MiC11  actor: Malcolm Terris
movieId: MiC11  actor: Wyane Sleep
movieId: MiC15  actor: Genevieve Bujold
movieId: MiC15  actor: Michael Douglas
movieId: MiC15  actor: Elizabeth Ashley
movieId: MiC15  actor: Rip Torn
movieId: MiC15  actor: Richard Widmark
movieId: MiC15  actor: Lois Chiles
movieId: MiC15  actor: Tom Selleck
movieId: MiC15  actor: s a
movieId: MiC15  actor: Harry Rhodes
movieId: MiC20  actor: Susan Dey
movieId: MiC20  actor: Albert Finney
movieId: MiC20  actor: James Coburn
movieId: MiC20  actor: Leigh TaylorYoung
movieId: MiC25  actor: Tom Selleck
movieId: MiC25  actor: AnneMarie Martin
movieId: MiD10  actor: Drach~jr.
movieId: MiD10  actor: MarieJose Nat
movieId: MiD10  actor: JeanLouis Trintigant
movieId: MiD10  actor: Nathalie Roussel
movieId: MiD20  actor: s a
movieId: MiG3  actor: Warner Baxter
movieId: MiG3  actor: Margeret Lindsay
movieId: MiG3  actor: John Littel
movieId: MiG3  actor: Ray Collins
movieId: MiG3  actor: Harold Huber
movieId: MiG3  actor: Leon Ames
movieId: MiG3  actor: Don Costello
movieId: MiG25  actor: Fredric March
movieId: MiG25  actor: Ann Blyth
movieId: MiG25  actor: Dan Duryea
movieId: MiG25  actor: Edmond OBrien
movieId: MiG27  actor: Fredric March
movieId: MiG27  actor: Florence Eldridge
movieId: MiG27  actor: Edmond OBrien
movieId: MiG27  actor: Geraldine Brooks
movieId: MiG30  actor: Jose Ferrer
movieId: MiG30  actor: Mala Powers
movieId: MiG30  actor: William Prince
movieId: MiG30  actor: Morris Carnovsky
movieId: MiG30  actor: Ralph Clanton
movieId: MiG30  actor: Lloyd Corrigan
movieId: MiG30  actor: Virginia Farmer
movieId: MiG30  actor: Edgar Barrier
movieId: MiG30  actor: Elena Vertugo
movieId: MiG30  actor: Albert Cavers
movieId: MiG30  actor: Arthur Blake
movieId: MiG30  actor: Don Beddoe
movieId: MiG30  actor: Perce Hellman
movieId: MiG30  actor: Virginia Christensen
movieId: MiG30  actor: Gil Warner
movieId: MiG35  actor: Rock Hudson
movieId: MiG35  actor: Doris Day
movieId: MiG35  actor: Tony Randall
movieId: MiG35  actor: Thelma Ritter
movieId: MiG35  actor: Nick Adams
movieId: MiG35  actor: Julia Meade
movieId: MiG35  actor: Allen Jenkins
movieId: MiG35  actor: Marcel Dalio
movieId: MiG35  actor: Lee Patrick
movieId: MiG45  actor: Rock Hudson
movieId: MiG45  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: MiG45  actor: Leslie Cron
movieId: MiG45  actor: Nita Talbot
movieId: MiG45  actor: Dick Shawn
movieId: MiG45  actor: Walter Slezak
movieId: MiG45  actor: Larry Storch
movieId: MiG50  actor: David Niven
movieId: MiG50  actor: Lola Allbright
movieId: MiG50  actor: Cristine Ferrare
movieId: MiG50  actor: Chad Everett
movieId: MiG50  actor: Ozzie Nelson
movieId: MiG50  actor: Don Beddoe
movieId: MiG50  actor: Jeff Cooper
movieId: MiH10  actor: Sally Field
movieId: MiH10  actor: Whoopi Goldberg
movieId: MiH10  actor: Cathy Moriarty
movieId: MiH10  actor: Robert Downey~jr
movieId: MiH10  actor: Kevin Kline
movieId: MiH10  actor: Elisabeth Shue
movieId: MiH10  actor: Teri Hatcher
movieId: MiH10  actor: Carrie Fisher
movieId: MiH10  actor: Garry Marshall
movieId: MiH15  actor: Robert Downey~jr
movieId: MiH15  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: MiH15  actor: s a
movieId: MiH15  actor: Nick Thelis
movieId: MiH15  actor: s a
movieId: MiH18  actor: Rupert Everett
movieId: MiH18  actor: Kevin Kline
movieId: MiH18  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: MiH18  actor: Stanley Tucci
movieId: MiH18  actor: Christian Bale
movieId: MiH18  actor: Sophie Marceau
movieId: MiH18  actor: David Strathairn
movieId: MiJ5  actor: Steve Martin
movieId: MiJ5  actor: Victoria Tennant
movieId: MiJ5  actor: Sarah Jessica Parker
movieId: MiJ5  actor: Rick Moranis
movieId: MiJ5  actor: Marilu Henner
movieId: MiJ5  actor: Susan Forrestal
movieId: MiJ5  actor: M.C. Shan
movieId: MiJ5  actor: Richard E. Grant
movieId: MiJ5  actor: Kevin Pollack
movieId: MiJ5  actor: Patrick Stewart
movieId: MiJ5  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: MiJ10  actor: Kevin Costner
movieId: MiJ10  actor: Whitney Houston
movieId: MiJ10  actor: Gary Kemp
movieId: MiJ10  actor: Bill Cobbs
movieId: MiJ10  actor: Ralph Waite
movieId: MiJ10  actor: Michele Lamar Richards
movieId: MiJ10  actor: Thomas Aran
movieId: MiJ10  actor: Mike Starr
movieId: MiJ10  actor: Richard Birt
movieId: MiJ10  actor: Robert Wuhl
movieId: MiJ12  actor: Dana Carvey
movieId: MiJ12  actor: Valeria Golino
movieId: MiJ12  actor: Michael Gambon
movieId: MiJ12  actor: Kevin Pollak
movieId: MiJ12  actor: Olivia dAbo
movieId: MiJ12  actor: James Earl Jones
movieId: MiJ12  actor: Michael Murphy
movieId: MiJ12  actor: Michael Gambon
movieId: MiJ15  actor: Tommy Lee Jones
movieId: MiJ15  actor: Anne Hecht
movieId: MiJ15  actor: Gaby Hoffman
movieId: MiK1  actor: Goldie Hawn
movieId: MiK1  actor: Eddie Albert
movieId: MiK1  actor: Eileen Heckart
movieId: MiK2  actor: Liv Ullmann
movieId: MiK2  actor: Gene Kelly
movieId: MiK2  actor: Binnie Barnes
movieId: MiK2  actor: Deborah Raffin
movieId: MiK2  actor: Edward Albert
movieId: MiK10  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: MiK10  actor: Gena Rowlands
movieId: MiK10  actor: Ford Rainey
movieId: MiK10  actor: Donald Moffat
movieId: MiL4  actor: Roger Sloman
movieId: MiL4  actor: Alison Steadman
movieId: MiL5  actor: Alison Steadman
movieId: MiL7  actor: Richard Kane
movieId: MiL12  actor: s a
movieId: MiL12  actor: Phil Daniels
movieId: MiL12  actor: Tim Roth
movieId: MiL12  actor: Marion Bailey
movieId: MiL20  actor: Ruth Sheen
movieId: MiL20  actor: Philip Davis
movieId: MiL20  actor: Lesley Manville
movieId: MiL20  actor: Edna Dor\'e
movieId: MiL20  actor: Philip Jackson
movieId: MiL20  actor: Heather Tobias
movieId: MiL22  actor: Alison Steadman
movieId: MiL22  actor: Jim Broadbent
movieId: MiL22  actor: Claire Skinner
movieId: MiL22  actor: Jane Horrocks
movieId: MiL22  actor: David Thewlis
movieId: MiL22  actor: Timothy Spall
movieId: MiL22  actor: Stephen Rea
movieId: MiL24  actor: David Thewil
movieId: MiL24  actor: Lesley Sharp
movieId: MiL24  actor: s a
movieId: MiL24  actor: Katrin Cartlidge
movieId: MiL24  actor: Claire Skinner
movieId: MiL24  actor: Greg Cruttwell
movieId: MiL28  actor: Brenda Bluffin
movieId: MiL29  actor: Lynda Stedman
movieId: MiL29  actor: Katrin Cartlidge
movieId: MiL29  actor: Mark Benton
movieId: MiM10  actor: s a
movieId: MiP10  actor: Carmen Mauro
movieId: MiP10  actor: Merceds Sampietro
movieId: MiR5  actor: John Hurt
movieId: MiR5  actor: Richard Burton
movieId: MiR5  actor: Suzanna Hamilton
movieId: MiR5  actor: Gregor Fisher
movieId: MiR10  actor: Sarah Miles
movieId: MiR10  actor: Joss Auckland
movieId: MiR10  actor: Greta Scacchi
movieId: MiR10  actor: Charles Dance
movieId: MiR10  actor: Susan Fleetwood
movieId: MiR10  actor: Alan Dobie
movieId: MiR10  actor: Hugh Grant
movieId: MiR10  actor: Catherine Nelson
movieId: MiR10  actor: Trevor Howard
movieId: MiR10  actor: Jacqueline Pearce
movieId: MiR21  actor: Asia Argento
movieId: MiR21  actor: Jared Harris
movieId: MiR21  actor: Rupert Everett
movieId: MiS3  actor: Rex Reed
movieId: MiS3  actor: Raquel Welch
movieId: MiS3  actor: John Huston
movieId: MiS3  actor: Mae West
movieId: MiS3  actor: Farrah Fawcett
movieId: MiS3  actor: Jim Bacckus
movieId: MiS3  actor: John Carradine
movieId: MiS3  actor: Andy Devine
movieId: MiT1  actor: Richard Burton
movieId: MiT3  actor: Anthony Newley
movieId: MiT3  actor: Michael Hodern
movieId: MiT3  actor: SarahJane Farley
movieId: MiT8  actor: Margot Kidder
movieId: MiT8  actor: Robert Hays
movieId: MiT15  actor: Griff RhysJones
movieId: MiT15  actor: Alison Steadman
movieId: MiT15  actor: Diane Qick
movieId: MiT15  actor: Mel Smith
movieId: MiT15  actor: David Ryall
movieId: MiW12  actor: Michael Crawford
movieId: MiW12  actor: Oliver Reed
movieId: MiW12  actor: Harry Andrews
movieId: MiW12  actor: James Donald
movieId: MiW12  actor: Daniel Massey
movieId: MiW12  actor: Michael Hodern
movieId: MiW12  actor: Gabriella Licudi
movieId: MiW12  actor: Frank Finlay
movieId: MiW12  actor: Warren Mitchell
movieId: MiW12  actor: Rachel Kempson
movieId: MiW12  actor: Peter Graves
movieId: MiW18  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: MiW18  actor: Stephanie Beacham
movieId: MiW18  actor: Thora Hird
movieId: MiW18  actor: Harry Andrews
movieId: MiW20  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: MiW20  actor: Jan-Michael Vincent
movieId: MiW20  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: MiW21  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: MiW21  actor: Jack Palance
movieId: MiW21  actor: James Whitmore
movieId: MiW22  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: MiW22  actor: Hope Lange
movieId: MiW22  actor: Vincent Gardenia
movieId: MiW22  actor: Stuart Margolin
movieId: MiW22  actor: Stephen Keats
movieId: MiW22  actor: William Redfield
movieId: MiW22  actor: Jeff Goldblum
movieId: MiW23  actor: Madeline Kahn
movieId: MiW23  actor: Art Carney
movieId: MiW23  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: MiW23  actor: Ron Leibman
movieId: MiW23  actor: 60
movieId: MiW27  actor: Ava Gardner
movieId: MiW27  actor: Jose Ferrer
movieId: MiW27  actor: Chris Sarandon
movieId: MiW27  actor: Christina Raines
movieId: MiW30  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: MiW30  actor: Sarah Miles
movieId: MiW30  actor: Richard Boone
movieId: MiW30  actor: Candy Clark
movieId: MiW30  actor: James Stewart
movieId: MiW30  actor: Joan Collins
movieId: MiW30  actor: Edward Fox
movieId: MiW30  actor: John Mills
movieId: MiW30  actor: Oliver Reed
movieId: MiW30  actor: Colin Blakely
movieId: MiW35  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: MiW35  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: MiW35  actor: Norman Fell
movieId: MiW35  actor: Ralph Waite
movieId: MiW35  actor: Cristina Raines
movieId: MiW35  actor: Kelly Miles
movieId: MiW40  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: MiW40  actor: Jill Ireland
movieId: MiW40  actor: Vincent Gardenia
movieId: MiW43  actor: Faye Dunaway
movieId: MiW43  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: MiW43  actor: Alan Bates
movieId: MiW43  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: MiW43  actor: Prunella Scales
movieId: MiW43  actor: Oliver Tobias
movieId: MiW43  actor: Glynis Barber
movieId: MiW43  actor: Joan Hickson
movieId: MJu10  actor: Ron Livingston
movieId: MJu10  actor: Jennifer Anniston
movieId: MJu10  actor: Gary Cole
movieId: MJu10  actor: David Herman
movieId: MJu10  actor: Ajay Naidu
movieId: MJu10  actor: Stephen Root
movieId: MKa10  actor: Rupert Everett
movieId: MKa10  actor: Colin Firth
movieId: MKa10  actor: Michael Jenn
movieId: MKa10  actor: Robert Addie
movieId: MKa10  actor: Anna Massey
movieId: MKa10  actor: Rupert Wainwright
movieId: MKa10  actor: Betsy Brantley
movieId: MKa15  actor: Philippe Noiret
movieId: MKa15  actor: Massimo Troisi
movieId: MKa15  actor: Grazia Cucinotta
movieId: MKb10  actor: Christian Slater
movieId: MKb10  actor: Patrick Dempsey
movieId: MKb10  actor: Richard Grieco
movieId: MKb10  actor: Costas Mandylor
movieId: MKb10  actor: F.Murray Abraham
movieId: MKb10  actor: Michael Gambon
movieId: MKb10  actor: Lara Flynn Boyle
movieId: MKb10  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: MkD10  actor: Alexei Lyarski
movieId: MkD10  actor: Y. Valbert
movieId: MkD10  actor: Mark Troyanovski
movieId: MkD10  actor: Varvara O. Massalitinova
movieId: MkD10  actor: E. Alexeyva
movieId: MkD10  actor: V. Novikov
movieId: MkD10  actor: A. Zhukov
movieId: MkD10  actor: K. Ziubkov
movieId: MkD10  actor: D. Sagal
movieId: MkD11  actor: Alexei Lyarski
movieId: MkD11  actor: Varvara O. Massalitinova
movieId: MkD11  actor: Mark Troyanovsky
movieId: MkD11  actor: I. Kudriatsev
movieId: MkD11  actor: . Berezovskaya
movieId: MkD11  actor: E. Liliana
movieId: MkD11  actor: F. Seleznev
movieId: MkD11  actor: I. Zarubina
movieId: MkD11  actor: D. Zerlakova
movieId: MkD12  actor: N. Valbert
movieId: MkD12  actor: S. Kayukov
movieId: MkD12  actor: Nikolai Dorokhin
movieId: MkD12  actor: Nikolai Plotnikov
movieId: MkD12  actor: D. Segal
movieId: MkD12  actor: I. Fyedotova
movieId: MkD12  actor: Lev Sverdlin
movieId: MkG12  actor: Molly Ringwald
movieId: MkG12  actor: Rob Lowe
movieId: MkG12  actor: Laura SanGiacomo
movieId: MkG12  actor: Ruby Dee
movieId: MkG12  actor: Kareem AbdulJabbar
movieId: MkG12  actor: Gary Sinise
movieId: MkG12  actor: Corin Nemec
movieId: MkG12  actor: Bill Fagerbakke
movieId: MkG12  actor: Adam Storke
movieId: MkG12  actor: Jamey Sheridan
movieId: MkG12  actor: Ray Walston
movieId: MkG12  actor: Ossie Davis
movieId: MkG12  actor: Matt Frewer
movieId: MkG12  actor: Miguel Ferrer
movieId: StK15  actor: Steven Weber
movieId: StK15  actor: Rebecca deMorney
movieId: StK15  actor: Courtland Mead
movieId: StK15  actor: s a
movieId: StK15  actor: s a
movieId: MKi10  actor: William Thorne
movieId: MKi10  actor: Jane Higginson
movieId: MKi10  actor: Van Quattro
movieId: MKi10  actor: Brian Bremer
movieId: MKi10  actor: Neil Hunter
movieId: MKi10  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: MKi10  actor: Tracy Fraim
movieId: MKi10  actor: Amy L. Taylor
movieId: MKi10  actor: Conan Yuzna
movieId: MKi10  actor: Gerry Black
movieId: MKi10  actor: Clint Howard
movieId: MKi10  actor: Eric Welch
movieId: MKi10  actor: Zoe Yuzna
movieId: MKi10  actor: Richard Gladstein
movieId: MkJ11  actor: Janeane Garofalo
movieId: MkJ11  actor: Denis Leary
movieId: MkJ11  actor: David OHara
movieId: MkJ11  actor: Jay O. Sanders
movieId: MkJ11  actor: Milo OShea
movieId: MkK10  actor: John Searle
movieId: MkK10  actor: Frank Bardache
movieId: MkP1  actor: Ben Keyworth
movieId: MkP1  actor: James Fox
movieId: MkP1  actor: Fanny Ardant
movieId: MkP1  actor: Paul mcGann
movieId: MkP1  actor: Clare Holman
movieId: MkP1  actor: Robert Stephens
movieId: MkR10  actor: Keith Carradine
movieId: MkR10  actor: Terry Kinney
movieId: MkR10  actor: JoBeth Williams
movieId: MkR10  actor: Guy Boyd
movieId: MkR10  actor: Terrence Knox
movieId: MkR10  actor: Darrell Larson
movieId: MkR10  actor: Annabelle Price
movieId: MkR10  actor: Margot Rose
movieId: MkR10  actor: M.Emmett Walsh
movieId: MkR10  actor: s a
movieId: MkR10  actor: s a
movieId: MkR10  actor: Darrell Fetty
movieId: MkR10  actor: Jason Barnhill
movieId: MhR1  actor: Micheline Presle
movieId: MkS10  actor: Reese Witherspoon
movieId: MkS10  actor: E-than Randall
movieId: MkS10  actor: Sarel Bok
movieId: MkT10  actor: Richard Gere
movieId: MkT10  actor: Lena Olin
movieId: MkT10  actor: s a
movieId: MKv35  actor: Tatiana Samoilova
movieId: MKv35  actor: s a
movieId: MKv35  actor: Alexei Batalov
movieId: MKy15  actor: Masahiko Tsugawa
movieId: MKy15  actor: Ayumi Ishada
movieId: MKy15  actor: s a
movieId: MKy15  actor: s a
movieId: MKy15  actor: s a
movieId: ML6  actor: Carole Lombard
movieId: ML6  actor: Fred MacMurray
movieId: ML6  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: ML6  actor: Astrid Allwyn
movieId: ML6  actor: Ruth Donnelly
movieId: ML6  actor: Marie Prevost
movieId: ML6  actor: William Demarest
movieId: ML6  actor: Ed Gargan
movieId: ML8  actor: Fred MacMurray
movieId: ML8  actor: Joan Bennett
movieId: ML8  actor: Zasu Pitts
movieId: ML8  actor: Alan Baxter
movieId: ML8  actor: Fred Keating
movieId: ML8  actor: Brian Donlevy
movieId: ML8  actor: John Howard
movieId: ML8  actor: Ruth Donelly
movieId: ML8  actor: Dean Jagger
movieId: ML9  actor: Jack Benny
movieId: ML9  actor: George Burns
movieId: ML9  actor: Gracie Allen
movieId: ML9  actor: Bob Burns
movieId: ML9  actor: Martha Raye
movieId: ML9  actor: Shirley Ross
movieId: ML9  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: ML9  actor: Benny Fields
movieId: ML9  actor: Benny Goodman
movieId: ML9  actor: Leopold Stokowski
movieId: ML9  actor: Eleanore Whitney
movieId: ML9  actor: Larry Adler
movieId: ML9  actor: Louis daPron
movieId: ML10  actor: Jean Arthur
movieId: ML10  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: ML10  actor: Edward Arnold
movieId: ML10  actor: Mary Nash
movieId: ML10  actor: William Demarest
movieId: ML10  actor: Luis Alberni
movieId: ML10  actor: Franklin Pangborn
movieId: ML10  actor: Esther Dale
movieId: ML12  actor: W.C. Fields
movieId: ML12  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: ML12  actor: Martha Raye
movieId: ML12  actor: Dorothy Lamour
movieId: ML12  actor: Shirley Ross
movieId: ML12  actor: Lynne Overman
movieId: ML12  actor: Ben Blue
movieId: ML12  actor: Leif Erickson
movieId: ML12  actor: Kirsten Flagstaff
movieId: ML12  actor: Tito Guizar
movieId: ML12  actor: Shep Fields
movieId: ML13  actor: Claudette Colbert
movieId: ML13  actor: Don Ameche
movieId: ML13  actor: John Barrymore
movieId: ML13  actor: Francis Lederer
movieId: ML13  actor: Mary Astor
movieId: ML13  actor: Elaine Barrie
movieId: ML13  actor: Hedda Hopper
movieId: ML14  actor: Barbara Stanwyck
movieId: ML14  actor: Fred MacMurray
movieId: ML14  actor: Beulah Bondi
movieId: ML14  actor: Elizabeth Patterson
movieId: ML15  actor: Claudette Colbert
movieId: ML15  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: ML15  actor: Walter Abel
movieId: ML15  actor: Dennis OKeefe
movieId: ML17  actor: Olivia deHavillan
movieId: ML17  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: ML17  actor: Paulette Goddard
movieId: ML18  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: ML18  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: ML18  actor: Fred MacMurray
movieId: ML21  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: ML21  actor: Warner Baxter
movieId: ML21  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: ML21  actor: Jon Hall
movieId: ML21  actor: Mischa Auer
movieId: ML21  actor: Mary Phillips
movieId: ML21  actor: Barry Sullivan
movieId: ML21  actor: Don Loper
movieId: ML30  actor: Barbara Stanwyk
movieId: ML30  actor: Jane Cowl
movieId: ML30  actor: John Lund
movieId: MLa10  actor: Fred Gwynne
movieId: MLa10  actor: Denise Crosby
movieId: MLa10  actor: Dale Midkift
movieId: MLa10  actor: Brad Greenquist
movieId: MLa10  actor: Miko Huggins
movieId: MLa10  actor: s a
movieId: MLa10  actor: s a
movieId: MLa10  actor: Stephen King
movieId: MLa19  actor: Eddie Furlong
movieId: MlB10  actor: Genevieve Bujold
movieId: MlB10  actor: Manuael Aranguez
movieId: MlB10  actor: Dorothee Berryman
movieId: MlB10  actor: Monique Lepage
movieId: MLd10  actor: Jochen Schroeder
movieId: MLd10  actor: HansJurgen Muller
movieId: MLd10  actor: Adriane Rimscha
movieId: MLd10  actor: Hanna Schygulla
movieId: MLd10  actor: G\"unther Lamprecht
movieId: MlC10  actor: Martine Beswick
movieId: MlC10  actor: Michael Latimer
movieId: MlC10  actor: Edina Ronay
movieId: MlC10  actor: Laurette Luez
movieId: MlC15  actor: Eric Porter
movieId: MlC15  actor: Hildegard Knef
movieId: MlC15  actor: Suzanna Leigh
movieId: MlC15  actor: Tony Beckley
movieId: MlC15  actor: Nigel Stock
movieId: MlC15  actor: Neil McCallum
movieId: MlC15  actor: Jimmy Handley
movieId: MlC15  actor: James Cossins
movieId: MlC15  actor: Victor Madden
movieId: MLe10  actor: Elis Presley
movieId: MLe10  actor: Ral Donner
movieId: MLe10  actor: Johnny Harra
movieId: MLe10  actor: David Scott
movieId: MLe10  actor: Paul Boensh~III
movieId: MLe10  actor: Linda Thompson
movieId: MLe10  actor: Joe Esposito
movieId: MLe10  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: MLe10  actor: Ed Sullivan
movieId: MlG1  actor: Mel Gibson
movieId: MlG1  actor: Nick Stahl
movieId: MlG1  actor: Margaret Whitton
movieId: MlG1  actor: Fay Masterson
movieId: MlG1  actor: Gaby Hoffman
movieId: MlG1  actor: Geoffrey Lewis
movieId: MlG1  actor: Richard Masur
movieId: MlG5  actor: Mel Gibson
movieId: MlG5  actor: Elisabeth Shue
movieId: MlG5  actor: David OHara
movieId: MlG5  actor: Sophie Marceau
movieId: MLH5  actor: Glenda Jackson
movieId: MLH5  actor: Melina Mercouri
movieId: MLH5  actor: Genevieve Page
movieId: MLH5  actor: Sandy Dennis
movieId: MLH5  actor: Anne Jackson
movieId: MLH5  actor: Ann Meara
movieId: MLH5  actor: Edith Evans
movieId: MLH5  actor: Susan Penhaligon
movieId: MLH5  actor: Rip Torn
movieId: MLH5  actor: Eli Wallach
movieId: MLH5  actor: Jerry Stiller
movieId: MLH10  actor: Jack Mason
movieId: MLH10  actor: Greta Sacchi
movieId: MLH10  actor: Alex Bank
movieId: MLH10  actor: Cybil Cosack
movieId: MLH10  actor: s a
movieId: MLH20  actor: John Malkovich
movieId: MLH20  actor: Andie McDowall
movieId: MLH20  actor: Lolita Davidovich
movieId: MLH20  actor: Peter Riegert
movieId: MLH20  actor: Joss Ackland
movieId: MLH20  actor: Bill Paterson
movieId: MLi10  actor: Jason Williams
movieId: MLi10  actor: Candy Samples
movieId: MLi10  actor: John Hoyt
movieId: MlL1  actor: Taye Diggs
movieId: MlL1  actor: Nia Long
movieId: MlL1  actor: Morris Chestnut
movieId: MlL1  actor: Terrence Howard
movieId: MLn10  actor: Lance Kerwin
movieId: MLn10  actor: Brian Keith
movieId: MLn10  actor: DeAnn Mears
movieId: MLn10  actor: Melissa Sue Anderson
movieId: MLn10  actor: Rafer Johnson
movieId: MLn10  actor: Michael Landon
movieId: MLm1  actor: Winona Ryder
movieId: MLm1  actor: Christian Slater
movieId: MLm5  actor: Billy Crystal
movieId: MLm5  actor: Kathleen Quinlan
movieId: MLm5  actor: Gheorge Muresan
movieId: MLm5  actor: Joanna Pakula
movieId: MLm5  actor: Stephen Seagall
movieId: MLm5  actor: s a
movieId: MLm5  actor: Joanne Price
movieId: MLm5  actor: Rider Strong
movieId: MlP10  actor: Mark Polish
movieId: MlP10  actor: Michael Polish
movieId: MlP10  actor: Michele Hicks
movieId: MlP10  actor: Lesley Ann Warren
movieId: MLR4  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: MLR4  actor: Douglas Fairbanks~jr.
movieId: MLR4  actor: Glenda Farrell
movieId: MLR4  actor: George E. Stone
movieId: MLR4  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: MLR4  actor: William Collier~jr
movieId: MLR4  actor: Stanley Fields
movieId: MLR4  actor: Ralph Ince
movieId: MLR4  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: MLR6  actor: Joan Blondell
movieId: MLR6  actor: Eric Linden
movieId: MLR6  actor: Jobyna Howland
movieId: MLR6  actor: Inez Courtney
movieId: MLR6  actor: Evalyn Knapp
movieId: MLR6  actor: Guy Kibbee
movieId: MLR6  actor: Walter Catlett
movieId: MLR6  actor: Grant Mitchell
movieId: MLR6  actor: Lyle Talbot
movieId: MLR6  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: MLR6  actor: Ned Sparks
movieId: MLR7  actor: Lyle Talbot
movieId: MLR7  actor: Joan Blondell
movieId: MLR7  actor: Ann Dvorak
movieId: MLR7  actor: Warren William
movieId: MLR7  actor: Edward Arnold
movieId: MLR7  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: MLR7  actor: Allen Jenkins
movieId: MLR7  actor: Jack LaRue
movieId: MLR7  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: MLR7  actor: Patricia Ellis
movieId: MLR7  actor: Sheila Terry
movieId: MLR7  actor: Grant Mitchell
movieId: MLR7  actor: Glenda Farrell
movieId: MLR7  actor: Frankie Darro
movieId: MLR7  actor: Clara Blandick
movieId: MLR7  actor: s a
movieId: MLR8  actor: Paul Muni
movieId: MLR8  actor: Glenda Farrell
movieId: MLR8  actor: Helen Vinson
movieId: MLR8  actor: Preston Foster
movieId: MLR8  actor: Edward Ellis
movieId: MLR8  actor: Allen Jenkins
movieId: MLR8  actor: Berton Churchill
movieId: MLR11  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: MLR12  actor: Betty Davis
movieId: MLR12  actor: Joan Blondell
movieId: MLR12  actor: Ann Dvorak
movieId: MLR12  actor: Warren William
movieId: MLR12  actor: Glenda Farrell
movieId: MLR12  actor: Lyle Talbot
movieId: MLR12  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: MLR12  actor: Edward Arnold
movieId: MLR12  actor: Jack LaRue
movieId: MLR12  actor: Grant Mitchell
movieId: MLR12  actor: Allen Jenkins
movieId: MLR14  actor: Warren William
movieId: MLR14  actor: Joan Blondell
movieId: MLR14  actor: Aline McMahon
movieId: MLR14  actor: Ruby Keeler
movieId: MLR14  actor: Dick Powell
movieId: MLR14  actor: Guy Kibbee
movieId: MLR14  actor: Ned Sparks
movieId: MLR14  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: MLR14  actor: Clarence Nordstrom
movieId: MLR14  actor: Dick Powell
movieId: MLR14  actor: Sterling Holloway
movieId: MLR16  actor: Kay Francis
movieId: MLR16  actor: Paul Lukas
movieId: MLR16  actor: Ian Hunter
movieId: MLR16  actor: Sybil Jackson
movieId: MLR16  actor: Jessie Ralph
movieId: MLR16  actor: Barton Maclane
movieId: MLR18  actor: Fredric March
movieId: MLR18  actor: Olivia deHavilland
movieId: MLR18  actor: Gale Sondergard
movieId: MLR18  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: MLR18  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: MLR18  actor: Anita Louise
movieId: MLR18  actor: Louis Hayward
movieId: MLR18  actor: Steffi Duna
movieId: MLR18  actor: Donald Woods
movieId: MLR18  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: MLR18  actor: Ralph Morgan
movieId: MLR18  actor: Henry ONeill
movieId: MLR18  actor: Rollo Lloyd
movieId: MLR18  actor: Henry ONeill
movieId: MLR22  actor: Vivien Leigh
movieId: MLR22  actor: Robert Taylor
movieId: MLR22  actor: Lucille Watson
movieId: MLR22  actor: Virginia Field
movieId: MLR22  actor: Maria Ouspenskaya
movieId: MLR22  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: MLR22  actor: Steffi Dunna
movieId: MLR23  actor: Norma Shearer
movieId: MLR23  actor: Robert Taylor
movieId: MLR23  actor: Alla Nazimova
movieId: MLR23  actor: Conrad Veidt
movieId: MLR23  actor: Philip Dorn
movieId: MLR23  actor: Bonita Granville
movieId: MLR23  actor: Albert Basserman
movieId: MLR23  actor: Felix Bressart
movieId: MLR27  actor: Ronald Colman
movieId: MLR27  actor: Greer Garson
movieId: MLR27  actor: Susan Peters
movieId: MLR27  actor: Philip Dorn
movieId: MLR27  actor: Reginald Owen
movieId: MLR27  actor: Henry Travers
movieId: MLR27  actor: Margaret Wycherly
movieId: MLR27  actor: Bramwell Fletcher
movieId: MLR27  actor: Arthur Margetson
movieId: MLR29  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: MLR29  actor: Van johnson
movieId: MLR29  actor: Robert Walker
movieId: MLR29  actor: Phyllis Thaxter
movieId: MLR29  actor: Tim Murdock
movieId: MLR29  actor: Don Defore
movieId: MLR29  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: MLR30  actor: John Wayne
movieId: MLR30  actor: Claudette Colbert
movieId: MLR30  actor: Don Defore
movieId: MLR30  actor: Phil Brown
movieId: MLR30  actor: Frank Puglia
movieId: MLR31  actor: Greer Garson
movieId: MLR31  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: MLR31  actor: Richard Hart
movieId: MLR31  actor: George Zucco
movieId: MLR31  actor: Morris Ankrum
movieId: MLR32  actor: June Allyson
movieId: MLR32  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: MLR32  actor: Peter Lawford
movieId: MLR32  actor: Margaret OBrien
movieId: MLR32  actor: Janet Leigh
movieId: MLR32  actor: Mary Astor
movieId: MLR32  actor: Rossano Brazzi
movieId: MLR34  actor: Barbara Stanwyk
movieId: MLR34  actor: James Mason
movieId: MLR34  actor: Ava Gardner
movieId: MLR34  actor: Van Heflin
movieId: MLR34  actor: Nancy Davis
movieId: MLR34  actor: Cyd Charisse
movieId: MLR35  actor: Robert Taylor
movieId: MLR35  actor: Deborah Kerr
movieId: MLR35  actor: Peter Ustinov
movieId: MLR35  actor: Leo Genn
movieId: MLR35  actor: Patricia Laffan
movieId: MLR35  actor: Finlay Currie
movieId: MLR35  actor: Abraham Sofaer
movieId: MLR35  actor: Marina Berti
movieId: MLR35  actor: Buddy Baer
movieId: MLR35  actor: Felix Aylmer
movieId: MLR35  actor: Nora Swinburne
movieId: MLR35  actor: Ralph Truman
movieId: MLR35  actor: Norman Wooland
movieId: MLR35  actor: Rosalie Crutchley
movieId: MLR35  actor: Sophia Loren
movieId: MLR39  actor: Esther Williams
movieId: MLR39  actor: Victor Mature
movieId: MLR39  actor: Walter Pidgeon
movieId: MLR39  actor: David Brian
movieId: MLR39  actor: Donna Corcoran
movieId: MLR39  actor: Jesse White
movieId: MLR39  actor: Maria Tallchief
movieId: MLR39  actor: Howard Freeman
movieId: MLR39  actor: Creighton Hale
movieId: MLR40  actor: Howard Keel
movieId: MLR40  actor: Kathryn Grayson
movieId: MLR40  actor: Ann Miller
movieId: MLR40  actor: Red Skelton
movieId: MLR42  actor: Ann Blyth
movieId: MLR43  actor: Nancy Kelly
movieId: MLR43  actor: Patty McCormick
movieId: MLR43  actor: Henry Jones
movieId: MLR43  actor: Eilleen Heckart
movieId: MLR43  actor: Evelyn Varden
movieId: MLR43  actor: William Hopper
movieId: MLR43  actor: Paul Fox
movieId: MLR50  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: MLR50  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: MLR50  actor: Kerwin Matthews
movieId: MLR50  actor: JeanPierre Aumont
movieId: MLR50  actor: Gregoire Aslan
movieId: MLR50  actor: Alexander Scourby
movieId: MLR50  actor: Barbara Luna
movieId: MLR50  actor: s a
movieId: MLR50  actor: s a
movieId: MLR50  actor: s a
movieId: MLR50  actor: s a
movieId: MLR50  actor: s a
movieId: MLR50  actor: s a
movieId: MLs10  actor: Kathleen Turner
movieId: MLs10  actor: Tommy Lee Jones
movieId: MLs10  actor: Asha Menina
movieId: MLs10  actor: Shiloh Strong
movieId: MLs10  actor: Esther Rolle
movieId: MLs10  actor: Park Overall
movieId: MLt5  actor: Anita Ekberg
movieId: MLt5  actor: Bo Swenson
movieId: MLt5  actor: Donald Pleasence
movieId: MLt5  actor: Jasmine
movieId: MLt5  actor: Sarita
movieId: MLt10  actor: Perry King
movieId: MLt10  actor: Timothy VanPatten
movieId: MLt10  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: MLt15  actor: Drew Barrymore
movieId: MLt15  actor: David Keith
movieId: MLt15  actor: Freddie Jones
movieId: MLt15  actor: Heather Locklear
movieId: MLt15  actor: Martin Sheen
movieId: MLt15  actor: George C. Scott
movieId: MLt15  actor: Art Carney
movieId: MLt15  actor: Louise Fletcher
movieId: MLt15  actor: Moses Gunn
movieId: MLt15  actor: Antonio Fargas
movieId: MLt20  actor: Kelly Preston
movieId: MLt22  actor: Carrie Fisher
movieId: MLt22  actor: Kelly Preston
movieId: MLu10  actor: Roger Moore
movieId: MLu10  actor: Stacy Keach
movieId: MLu10  actor: Fausto Tozzi
movieId: MLu10  actor: Ivo Garrani
movieId: MLu10  actor: Ettore Manni
movieId: MlW5  actor: John Barrymore
movieId: MlW5  actor: Dolores Costello
movieId: MlW5  actor: George OHara
movieId: MlW10  actor: Mary Eaton
movieId: MlW10  actor: Edward Crandall
movieId: MlW10  actor: Helen Morgan
movieId: MlW10  actor: Rudy Vallee
movieId: MlW10  actor: Eddie Cantor
movieId: MlW10  actor: Florenz Ziegfield
movieId: MlW10  actor: Jimmy Walker
movieId: MlW10  actor: Ring Lardner
movieId: MlW10  actor: Johnny Weissmuller
movieId: MlW10  actor: Otto Kahn
movieId: MlW10  actor: Adolph Zukor
movieId: MM10  actor: James Caan
movieId: MM10  actor: Tuesday Weld
movieId: MM10  actor: Willie Nelson
movieId: MM10  actor: Willie Nelson
movieId: MM10  actor: John Belushi
movieId: MM20  actor: Scott Glenn
movieId: MM20  actor: Alberta Watson
movieId: MM20  actor: Robert Prosky
movieId: MM20  actor: Gabriel Byrne
movieId: MM20  actor: Ian McKeller
movieId: MM25  actor: William Petersen
movieId: MM25  actor: Brian Cox
movieId: MM25  actor: Tom Noonan
movieId: MM25  actor: Joan Allen
movieId: MM25  actor: Brian Cox
movieId: MM30  actor: Daniel DayLewis
movieId: MM30  actor: Russel Means
movieId: MM30  actor: Eric Schweig
movieId: MM30  actor: Madeleine Stowe
movieId: MM30  actor: Joghi May
movieId: MM30  actor: Wes Studi
movieId: MM30  actor: Maurice Roeves
movieId: MM30  actor: Steven Wadddington
movieId: MM33  actor: Al Pacino
movieId: MM33  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: MM33  actor: Val Kilmer
movieId: MM33  actor: Jon Voight
movieId: MM37  actor: Russell Crowe
movieId: MM37  actor: Al Pacino
movieId: MM37  actor: Christopher Plummer
movieId: MM37  actor: Debi Mazar
movieId: MM37  actor: Wings Hauser
movieId: MM37  actor: Michal Gambon
movieId: MM37  actor: Bruce McGill
movieId: MM37  actor: Diane Venora
movieId: MM41  actor: Tom Cruise
movieId: MM41  actor: James Foxx
movieId: MM41  actor: Jada Pinkett Smith
movieId: MMG10  actor: Dean Stockwell
movieId: MMG10  actor: Biff McGuire
movieId: MMG10  actor: Michael Dunn
movieId: MMG10  actor: s a
movieId: MMi10  actor: Yvette Mimieux
movieId: MMi10  actor: Robert Carradine
movieId: MMi10  actor: Tommy Lee Jones
movieId: MMi20  actor: Chuck Norris
movieId: MMi20  actor: Stephen Furst
movieId: MMi20  actor: Ron Silver
movieId: MMi20  actor: Steven Keats
movieId: MMi20  actor: Toni Kalem
movieId: MMi20  actor: William Finley
movieId: MMi20  actor: Brian Libby
movieId: MMi21  actor: Gerrit Graham
movieId: MMi21  actor: Michael Lerner
movieId: MMi21  actor: Fred McCarren
movieId: MMi21  actor: Miriam Flynn
movieId: MMi21  actor: Stephen Furst
movieId: MmL10  actor: George Clooney
movieId: MmL10  actor: Nicole Kidman
movieId: MmL10  actor: Armin MuellerStahl
movieId: MmL10  actor: Marcel Iures
movieId: MmL12  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: MmL12  actor: Tea Leoni
movieId: MmL12  actor: Elijah Wood
movieId: MmL12  actor: Vanessa Redgrave
movieId: MmL12  actor: Maximilian Schell
movieId: MmL12  actor: Leelee Sobinsky
movieId: MmL12  actor: Morgan Freeman
movieId: MmL12  actor: s a
movieId: MmL12  actor: Rachel Saenz
movieId: MmL12  actor: Anna Cromwell
movieId: MmL12  actor: Bruce Weitz
movieId: MmL12  actor: John Favereau
movieId: MmL12  actor: Ron Eldridge
movieId: MmL12  actor: Nancy McCurran
movieId: MmL12  actor: Blair Underwood
movieId: MmL12  actor: Ben Underwood
movieId: MmL12  actor: Loren J.
movieId: MmL12  actor: James Cromwell
movieId: MmL12  actor: Laura James
movieId: MmL12  actor: Ron Eldridge
movieId: MmL12  actor: Michael Schiff
movieId: MmL12  actor: Bruce Weitz
movieId: MmL12  actor: Katie Hagen
movieId: MMo10  actor: Goldie Hawn
movieId: MMo10  actor: Giancarlo Giannini
movieId: MMy10  actor: s a
movieId: MMz10  actor: s a
movieId: MMz10  actor: s a
movieId: MMz10  actor: s a
movieId: MMz10  actor: s a
movieId: MMz10  actor: Perla Walter
movieId: MMz10  actor: Benny Wills
movieId: MMz10  actor: s a
movieId: MN1  actor: Richard Burton
movieId: MN1  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: MN1  actor: George Segal
movieId: MN1  actor: Sandy Dennis
movieId: MN2  actor: Anne Bancroft
movieId: MN2  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: MN2  actor: Katharine Ross
movieId: MN2  actor: William Daniels
movieId: MN2  actor: Murray Hamilton
movieId: MN2  actor: Elizabeth Wilson
movieId: MN2  actor: Alice Ghostley
movieId: MN2  actor: Brian Avery
movieId: MN2  actor: Richard Dreyfuss
movieId: MN3  actor: Alan Arkin
movieId: MN3  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: MN3  actor: Richard Benjamin
movieId: MN3  actor: Art Garfunkel
movieId: MN3  actor: Bob Newhart
movieId: MN3  actor: Anthony Perkins
movieId: MN3  actor: Paula Prentiss
movieId: MN3  actor: Martin Sheen
movieId: MN3  actor: Jon Voight
movieId: MN3  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: MN4  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: MN4  actor: Art Garfunkel
movieId: MN4  actor: Candice Bergen
movieId: MN4  actor: AnnMargaret
movieId: MN4  actor: Rita Moreno
movieId: MN4  actor: Cynthia ONeil
movieId: MN4  actor: Carol Kane
movieId: MN5  actor: George C. Scott
movieId: MN5  actor: Trish VanDevere
movieId: MN5  actor: Paul Sorvino
movieId: MN5  actor: Fritz Weaver
movieId: MN6  actor: Warren Beatty
movieId: MN6  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: MN6  actor: Stockard Channing
movieId: MN6  actor: Scatman Crothers
movieId: MN6  actor: Richard B. Shull
movieId: MN6  actor: Dub Taylor
movieId: MN6  actor: Ian Wolfe
movieId: MN6  actor: Florence Stanley
movieId: MN8  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: MN8  actor: Cher
movieId: MN8  actor: Kurt Russell
movieId: MN8  actor: Craig T. Nelson
movieId: MN8  actor: Diana Scarwid
movieId: MN8  actor: Fred Ward
movieId: MN8  actor: Ron Silver
movieId: MN8  actor: E.Katherine Kerr
movieId: MN8  actor: Bruce McGill
movieId: MN8  actor: Sudie Bond
movieId: MN8  actor: Josef Sommer
movieId: MN11  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: MN11  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: MN11  actor: Jeff Daniels
movieId: MN11  actor: Maureen Stapleton
movieId: MN11  actor: Stockard Channing
movieId: MN11  actor: Milos Forman
movieId: MN11  actor: Steven Hill
movieId: MN11  actor: Richard Masur
movieId: MN11  actor: Catherine OHara
movieId: MN15  actor: Melanie Griffith
movieId: MN15  actor: Sigourney Weaver
movieId: MN15  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: MN15  actor: Joan Cusack
movieId: MN15  actor: Kevin Spacey
movieId: MN15  actor: Nora Dunn
movieId: MN15  actor: Alec Baldwin
movieId: MN15  actor: Philip Bosco
movieId: MN15  actor: Olympia Dukakis
movieId: MN15  actor: Charo
movieId: MN15  actor: Elizabeth Whitcraft
movieId: MN15  actor: David Duchovny
movieId: MN20  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: MN20  actor: Shirley MacLaine
movieId: MN20  actor: Dennis Quaid
movieId: MN20  actor: Rob Reiner
movieId: MN20  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: MN20  actor: Simon Callow
movieId: MN20  actor: Richard Dreyfuss
movieId: MN20  actor: Annette Bening
movieId: MN20  actor: Robin Bartlett
movieId: MN20  actor: C.C.H. Pounder
movieId: MN20  actor: Oliver Platt
movieId: MN20  actor: Gary Morton
movieId: MN20  actor: Mary Wickes
movieId: MN20  actor: Rob Reiner
movieId: MN20  actor: Simon Callow
movieId: MN20  actor: Michael Ontken
movieId: MN20  actor: Pepe Serna
movieId: MN20  actor: Dana Ivey
movieId: MN22  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: MN22  actor: Annette Bening
movieId: MN22  actor: Mikki Allen
movieId: MN25  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: MN25  actor: Christopher Plummer
movieId: MN25  actor: Eileen Atkins
movieId: MN25  actor: David Hyde Pierce
movieId: MN25  actor: James Spader
movieId: MN25  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: MN27  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: MN27  actor: Nathan Lane
movieId: MN27  actor: Carol Channing
movieId: MN27  actor: Hank Azaria
movieId: MN27  actor: Dianne Wiest
movieId: MN27  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: MN27  actor: Dan Futterman
movieId: MN27  actor: Christine Baranski
movieId: MN28  actor: John Travolta
movieId: MN28  actor: s a
movieId: MN31  actor: Garry Shandlng
movieId: MN31  actor: Anette Bening
movieId: MNa13  actor: Sarita Choudhury
movieId: MNa13  actor: Roshan Seth
movieId: MNa13  actor: Denzel Washington
movieId: MNa13  actor: Charles S. Dutton
movieId: MNa13  actor: Joe Seneca
movieId: MnB10  actor: Peter OToole
movieId: MnB10  actor: David Hemmings
movieId: MnB10  actor: Donald Pleasance
movieId: MnB10  actor: Barry Morse
movieId: MnB22  actor: Noah Wyle
movieId: MnB22  actor: Anthony Michael Hall
movieId: MnB22  actor: Josh Hopkins
movieId: MnB22  actor: Joey Slotnick
movieId: MnB22  actor: John DiMaggio
movieId: MnB22  actor: Bodhi Pine Elfman
movieId: MnB22  actor: J.G. Hertzler
movieId: MnB22  actor: Wayne Pere
movieId: MnB22  actor: Sheila Shaw
movieId: MNe10  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: MNe10  actor: Susannah York
movieId: MNe10  actor: Jill Townsend
movieId: MNe18  actor: Liilian Roams
movieId: MNe20  actor: Josie Lawrence
movieId: MNe20  actor: Miranda Richardson
movieId: MNe20  actor: Joan Plowright
movieId: MNe20  actor: Polly Walker
movieId: MNe20  actor: Alfred Molina
movieId: MNe20  actor: Jim Broadbent
movieId: MNe20  actor: Michal Kitchen
movieId: MNe22  actor: Gabriel Byrne
movieId: MNe22  actor: Ciaran Fitzgerald
movieId: MNe22  actor: Ruaidhri (Rory) Conroy
movieId: MNe22  actor: David Kelly
movieId: MNe22  actor: Ellen Barkin
movieId: MNe22  actor: Johnny Murphy
movieId: MNe22  actor: Jim Norton
movieId: MNe22  actor: Brendan Gleesom
movieId: MNe22  actor: Colm Meany
movieId: MNe22  actor: John Kavanagh
movieId: MNe24  actor: Gabriel Byrne
movieId: MNe24  actor: Ellen Barkin
movieId: MNe25  actor: Hugh Grant
movieId: MNe25  actor: Andie MacDowell
movieId: MNe25  actor: Kristin Scott Thomas
movieId: MNe25  actor: James Fleet
movieId: MNe25  actor: Simon Callow
movieId: MNe25  actor: Thomas Simon
movieId: MNe25  actor: John Hannah
movieId: MNe25  actor: Charlotte Coleman
movieId: MNe25  actor: David Bower
movieId: MNe25  actor: Corin Redgrave
movieId: MNe25  actor: Rowan Atkinson
movieId: MNe25  actor: Sam Kunz
movieId: MNe25  actor: Polly Kemp
movieId: MNe25  actor: Deidre Hammett
movieId: MNe26  actor: Hugh Grant
movieId: MNe26  actor: Georgina Catest
movieId: MNe29  actor: Johnnie Depp
movieId: MNe29  actor: Al Pacino
movieId: MnK20  actor: Anu Arya Aggarwal
movieId: MnK20  actor: Murad Ali
movieId: MNo10  actor: Lawrence Tierner
movieId: MNo10  actor: Edmund Lowe
movieId: MNo10  actor: Anne Jeffreys
movieId: MnP10  actor: Vahina Giocante
movieId: MnP10  actor: Frederic Malgras
movieId: MNv10  actor: Maria Rojo
movieId: MNv10  actor: s a
movieId: MNv10  actor: s a
movieId: MoA10  actor: Chico Mendes
movieId: MoB10  actor: Ricardo Cortez
movieId: MoB10  actor: Greta Garbo
movieId: MoB10  actor: Gertrude Olmsted
movieId: MoB10  actor: Edward Connelly
movieId: MoB10  actor: Lucien Littlefield
movieId: MoF1  actor: Danny Glover
movieId: MoF1  actor: Malcom McDowell
movieId: MoF1  actor: Alfre Woodard
movieId: MoF1  actor: Marius Weyers
movieId: MoF1  actor: Maynard Eziaishi
movieId: MoF6  actor: Kate Judson
movieId: MoF6  actor: John Heard
movieId: MoF6  actor: Brendon Sexton
movieId: MoF6  actor: Christina Ricci
movieId: MoF6  actor: Casey Affleck
movieId: MoF6  actor: Isidra Vega
movieId: MoH3  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: MoH3  actor: Cameron Mitchell
movieId: MoH3  actor: s a
movieId: MoH10  actor: Warren Oates
movieId: MOp4  actor: Magda Schneider
movieId: MOp4  actor: Wolfgang Liebeneiber
movieId: MOp4  actor: Luise Ullrich
movieId: MOp4  actor: Willy Eichberger
movieId: MOp4  actor: Gustav Grundgens
movieId: MOp4  actor: Paul Hoerbiger
movieId: MOp12  actor: Pierre RichradWilm
movieId: MOp12  actor: s a
movieId: MOp12  actor: s a
movieId: MOp14  actor: Douglas Fairbanks~jr.
movieId: MOp14  actor: Maria Montez
movieId: MOp14  actor: Paul Croset
movieId: MOp14  actor: Henry Daniell
movieId: MOp14  actor: Robert Coote
movieId: MOp14  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: MOp15  actor: Robert Ryan
movieId: MOp15  actor: Barbara BelGeddes
movieId: MOp15  actor: James Mason
movieId: MOp15  actor: Curt Bois
movieId: MOp16  actor: Joan Fontaine
movieId: MOp16  actor: Louis Jordan
movieId: MOp16  actor: Mady Christians
movieId: MOp16  actor: Art Smith
movieId: MOp16  actor: Marcel Journet
movieId: MOp18  actor: James Mason
movieId: MOp18  actor: Joan Bennett
movieId: MOp19  actor: Anton Walbrook
movieId: MOp19  actor: Simone Signoret
movieId: MOp19  actor: Serge Reggiani
movieId: MOp19  actor: Simone Simon
movieId: MOp19  actor: Daniel G\'elin
movieId: MOp19  actor: Danielle Darrieux
movieId: MOp19  actor: Fernand Gravey
movieId: MOp19  actor: Odette Joyeux
movieId: MOp19  actor: JeanLouis Barrault
movieId: MOp19  actor: Isa Miranda
movieId: MOp19  actor: Gerard Philipe
movieId: MOp20  actor: Claude Dauphin
movieId: MOp20  actor: Daniel G\'elin
movieId: MOp20  actor: Simone Simon
movieId: MOp20  actor: Madelaine Reanaud
movieId: MOp20  actor: Jean Gabin
movieId: MOp21  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: MOp21  actor: Danielle Darrieux
movieId: MOp21  actor: Vittorio deSica
movieId: MOp21  actor: Jean Debuncourt
movieId: MOp21  actor: Lia deLea
movieId: MOp22  actor: Martine Carol
movieId: MOp22  actor: Will Quadflieg
movieId: MOp22  actor: Anton Walbrook
movieId: MOp22  actor: Peter Ustinov
movieId: MOp22  actor: Oskar Werner
movieId: MOp22  actor: Ivan Desney
movieId: MOp30  actor: Alain Cuny
movieId: MoT1  actor: Mechtild Grossman
movieId: MoT1  actor: Udo Kerr
movieId: MoT1  actor: s a
movieId: MoT1  actor: s a
movieId: MoT1  actor: s a
movieId: MoT10  actor: Ina Blum
movieId: MoT10  actor: Marcelo Uriona
movieId: MoT10  actor: Gad Klein
movieId: MoT10  actor: Shelly Mars
movieId: MoT10  actor: Susie Sexpert Bright
movieId: MoT10  actor: Dominique Gaspar Mars
movieId: MoT10  actor: Peter Kern
movieId: MoT12  actor: Annie Sprinkle
movieId: MoT12  actor: s a
movieId: MoT12  actor: Fakir
movieId: MoT12  actor: s a
movieId: MoT12  actor: s a
movieId: MP2  actor: Conrad Veidt
movieId: MP2  actor: Valerie Hobson
movieId: MP4  actor: Sabu
movieId: MP4  actor: John Justin
movieId: MP4  actor: Conrad Veidt
movieId: MP4  actor: Rex Ingram
movieId: MP4  actor: June Duprez
movieId: MP4  actor: Morton Selten
movieId: MP4  actor: Miles Malleson
movieId: MP6  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: MP6  actor: Leslie Howard
movieId: MP6  actor: Raymond Massey
movieId: MP6  actor: Eric Portman
movieId: MP6  actor: Glynis Johns
movieId: MP6  actor: Niall McGinnis
movieId: MP6  actor: Finlay Currie
movieId: MP6  actor: Raymond Lovell
movieId: MP6  actor: John Chandos
movieId: MP8  actor: Roger Livesey
movieId: MP8  actor: Anton Walbrook
movieId: MP8  actor: Deborah Kerr
movieId: MP8  actor: Roland Culver
movieId: MP8  actor: James McKechnie
movieId: MP8  actor: Albert Lieven
movieId: MP8  actor: Arthur Wontner
movieId: MP8  actor: A.E. Matthews
movieId: MP8  actor: David Hutcheson
movieId: MP8  actor: Ursula Jeans
movieId: MP8  actor: John Laurie
movieId: MP8  actor: Harry Welchman
movieId: MP9  actor: Ralph Richardson
movieId: MP11  actor: Wendy Hiller
movieId: MP11  actor: Roger Livesey
movieId: MP11  actor: s a
movieId: MP11  actor: Pamela Brown
movieId: MP11  actor: Finlay Currie
movieId: MP11  actor: Nancy Price
movieId: MP11  actor: Jean Cadell
movieId: MP11  actor: Catherine Lacey
movieId: MP11  actor: Valentine Dyall
movieId: MP11  actor: George Carney
movieId: MP11  actor: Margot Fitzsimmons
movieId: MP11  actor: John Laurie
movieId: MP11  actor: Petula Clark
movieId: MP12  actor: David Niven
movieId: MP12  actor: David Niven
movieId: MP12  actor: Roger Livesey
movieId: MP12  actor: Kim Hunter
movieId: MP12  actor: Marius Goring
movieId: MP12  actor: Raymond Massey
movieId: MP12  actor: Abraham Sofaer
movieId: MP13  actor: Deborah Kerr
movieId: MP13  actor: David Farrar
movieId: MP13  actor: Sabu
movieId: MP13  actor: Jean Simmons
movieId: MP13  actor: Esmond Knight
movieId: MP15  actor: Moira Shearer
movieId: MP15  actor: Marin Goering
movieId: MP15  actor: Anton Walbrook
movieId: MP15  actor: Robert Helpmann
movieId: MP15  actor: Albert Basserman
movieId: MP15  actor: Frederic Ashton
movieId: MP15  actor: Leonide Massine
movieId: MP15  actor: Ludmilla Tcherina
movieId: MP15  actor: Esmond Knight
movieId: MP17  actor: Jennifer Jones
movieId: MP17  actor: David Farrar
movieId: MP17  actor: Cyril Cusack
movieId: MP17  actor: Esmond Knight
movieId: MP17  actor: Sybil Thorndike
movieId: MP17  actor: Edward Chapman
movieId: MP18  actor: David Niven
movieId: MP18  actor: Margaret Leighton
movieId: MP19  actor: Moira Shearer
movieId: MP19  actor: Leonide Massine
movieId: MP19  actor: Robert Rounsville
movieId: MP19  actor: Robert Helpmann
movieId: MP19  actor: Pamela Brown
movieId: MP19  actor: Fredrick Ashton
movieId: MP19  actor: Ludmilla Tcherina
movieId: MP19  actor: Ann Ayars
movieId: MP19  actor: Mogens Wieth
movieId: MP19  actor: Sir Thomas Beecham
movieId: MP19  actor: Saddler Wells Chorus
movieId: MP25  actor: Anton Walbrook
movieId: MP25  actor: Michael Redgrave
movieId: MP25  actor: Annaliese Rothenberger
movieId: MP25  actor: Ludmilla Tcherina
movieId: MP31  actor: John Gregson
movieId: MP31  actor: Anthony Quayle
movieId: MP31  actor: Peter Finch
movieId: MP31  actor: Bernard Lee
movieId: MP35  actor: Carl Boehm
movieId: MP35  actor: Maxine Audley
movieId: MP35  actor: Moira Shearer
movieId: MP35  actor: Anna Massey
movieId: MP35  actor: Esmond Knight
movieId: MP35  actor: Michael Powell
movieId: MP35  actor: Michael Goodliffe
movieId: MP35  actor: Shirley Ann Field
movieId: MP35  actor: Jack Warson
movieId: MP47  actor: Helen Mirren
movieId: MPa1  actor: Raimu
movieId: MPa1  actor: Pierre Fresnay
movieId: MPa1  actor: Orane D\'emazis
movieId: MPa1  actor: Charpin
movieId: MPa3  actor: Raimu
movieId: MPa3  actor: Michele Morgan
movieId: MPa4  actor: Raimu
movieId: MPa4  actor: Ginette Leclerc
movieId: MPa4  actor: Charpin
movieId: MPa4  actor: Charles Moulin
movieId: MPa5  actor: Raimu
movieId: MPa5  actor: Fernandel
movieId: MPa5  actor: Carpin
movieId: MPa5  actor: Josette Day
movieId: MPa7  actor: Jacqueline Pagnol
movieId: MPa7  actor: Raymond Pellegrin
movieId: MPa7  actor: Henri Vilbert
movieId: MPe10  actor: Patricio Contreras
movieId: MPe10  actor: Leonor Manso
movieId: MPe10  actor: Mario Pasik
movieId: MPe10  actor: Alberto Benegas
movieId: MPi23  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: MPi23  actor: Isabelle Huppert
movieId: MPi40  actor: Sandrine Bonnaire
movieId: MPi40  actor: Maurive Pialat
movieId: MPi42  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: MPi42  actor: Sophie Marceau
movieId: MPi42  actor: s a
movieId: MPi45  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: MPi45  actor: Sandrine Bonnaire
movieId: MPi50  actor: Jaques Dutronc
movieId: MPi50  actor: Bernard Lecoq
movieId: MPi50  actor: Alexandra London
movieId: MPi50  actor: Gerard Sety
movieId: MPi50  actor: Corinne Bordon
movieId: MPi50  actor: Elza Siberstein
movieId: MPi50  actor: Leslie Azoulot
movieId: MPl10  actor: Jeremy Davis
movieId: MPl10  actor: Ben Affleck
movieId: MPo10  actor: Sergi Lopez
movieId: MPo10  actor: Sacha Bourdo
movieId: MPo10  actor: Elisabeth Vitali
movieId: MPr1  actor: William Devane
movieId: MPr1  actor: Clifton James
movieId: MPr4  actor: Ricard Y\~niguez
movieId: MPr4  actor: Danny delaPaz
movieId: MPr4  actor: Marta duBois
movieId: MPr6  actor: Richard Pryor
movieId: MPr6  actor: Margot kidder
movieId: MPr6  actor: Ray Sharkey
movieId: MPr10  actor: Dan Ackroyd
movieId: MPr10  actor: Howard Hesseman
movieId: MPr10  actor: Donna Dixon
movieId: MPr11  actor: Kevin Kline
movieId: MPr11  actor: Angela Lansbury
movieId: MPr11  actor: Linda Ronstadt
movieId: MPr11  actor: Rex Smith
movieId: MPr11  actor: George Rose
movieId: MPr11  actor: Tony Azito
movieId: MPr25  actor: Thomas McCarthy
movieId: MPr25  actor: Jeffrey Nordling
movieId: MPr25  actor: MaryLouise Parker
movieId: MPr25  actor: Blythe Danner
movieId: MPr25  actor: Edward Herrman
movieId: MPr25  actor: s a
movieId: MR2  actor: Joanne Woodward
movieId: MR2  actor: Tony Randall
movieId: MR2  actor: Shreee North
movieId: MR2  actor: Jeffrey Hunter
movieId: MR2  actor: Cameron Mitchell
movieId: MR2  actor: Patricia Owens
movieId: MR2  actor: Barbara Rush
movieId: MR2  actor: Pat Hingle
movieId: MR3  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: MR3  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: MR3  actor: Joanne Woodward
movieId: MR3  actor: Angela Lansbury
movieId: MR3  actor: Lee Remick
movieId: MR3  actor: Anthony Franciosa
movieId: MR3  actor: Richard Anderson
movieId: MR4  actor: Sophia Loren
movieId: MR4  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: MR4  actor: Ina balin
movieId: MR4  actor: Jimmy Baird
movieId: MR4  actor: Mark Richman
movieId: MR9  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: MR9  actor: Melvyn Douglas
movieId: MR9  actor: Patricia Neal
movieId: MR9  actor: Brandon deWilde
movieId: MR9  actor: John Ashley
movieId: MR9  actor: George Petrie
movieId: MR11  actor: Richard Burton
movieId: MR11  actor: Claire Bloom
movieId: MR11  actor: Oskar Werner
movieId: MR11  actor: Peter vanEyck
movieId: MR11  actor: Sam Wanamaker
movieId: MR11  actor: Rupert Davies
movieId: MR11  actor: Goeoge Voskovec
movieId: MR11  actor: Cyril Cusack
movieId: MR11  actor: Michael Hodern
movieId: MR11  actor: Robert Hardy
movieId: MR11  actor: Bernard Lee
movieId: MR11  actor: Beatrix Lehman
movieId: MR12  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: MR12  actor: Frederic March
movieId: MR12  actor: Richard Boone
movieId: MR12  actor: Diane Cilento
movieId: MR12  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: MR13  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: MR13  actor: Alex Cord
movieId: MR13  actor: Luther Adler
movieId: MR13  actor: Irene Pappas
movieId: MR13  actor: Susan Strasberg
movieId: MR13  actor: Murray Hamilton
movieId: MR13  actor: Eduardo Ciannelli
movieId: MR14  actor: James Earl Jones
movieId: MR14  actor: Jane Alexander
movieId: MR14  actor: Lou Gilbert
movieId: MR14  actor: Joel Fluellen
movieId: MR14  actor: Chester Morris
movieId: MR14  actor: Robert Webber
movieId: MR14  actor: Hal Holbrook
movieId: MR14  actor: Moses Gunn
movieId: MR15  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: MR15  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: MR15  actor: Samantha Eggar
movieId: MR15  actor: Frank Finlay
movieId: MR15  actor: Anthony Zerbe
movieId: MR15  actor: Bethel Leslie
movieId: MR15  actor: Art Lund
movieId: MR17  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: MR17  actor: Carol Burnett
movieId: MR17  actor: Geraldine Page
movieId: MR17  actor: Rene Auberjonois
movieId: MR17  actor: Barry Nelson
movieId: MR17  actor: Henry Jones
movieId: MR17  actor: Kent Smith
movieId: MR17  actor: Lee H. Montgomery
movieId: MR17  actor: Timothy Blake
movieId: MR19  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: MR19  actor: Zero Mostel
movieId: MR19  actor: Herschel Bernardi
movieId: MR19  actor: Remak Ramsey
movieId: MR19  actor: Michael Murphy
movieId: MR19  actor: Andrea Marcovicci
movieId: MR21  actor: Sally Field
movieId: MR21  actor: Ron Leibman
movieId: MR21  actor: Beau Bridges
movieId: MR21  actor: Pat Hingle
movieId: MR21  actor: Gail Strickland
movieId: MR25  actor: Sally Field
movieId: MR25  actor: Tommy Lee Jones
movieId: MR25  actor: David Keith
movieId: MR25  actor: Miriam Colon
movieId: MR25  actor: Michael Gazzo
movieId: MR25  actor: Kimberlea Cloughley
movieId: MR29  actor: Mary Steenburgen
movieId: MR29  actor: Rip Torn
movieId: MR29  actor: Alfre Woodard
movieId: MR29  actor: Peter Coyote
movieId: MR29  actor: Malcolm Dowell
movieId: MR29  actor: Dana Hill
movieId: MR29  actor: Cary Guffey
movieId: MR29  actor: Joanna Miles
movieId: MR29  actor: John Hammond
movieId: MR29  actor: Toni Hudson
movieId: MR29  actor: Ike Eisenmann
movieId: MR30  actor: Barbra Streisand
movieId: MR30  actor: Richard Dreyfuss
movieId: MR30  actor: Maureen Stapleton
movieId: MR30  actor: Karl Malden
movieId: MR30  actor: Eli Wallach
movieId: MR30  actor: Robert Webber
movieId: MR30  actor: James Whitmore
movieId: MR30  actor: Leslie Nielsen
movieId: MR30  actor: William Prince
movieId: MR30  actor: Dakin Mathews
movieId: MR30  actor: Elizabeth Hoffman
movieId: MR30  actor: Robert Webber
movieId: MR30  actor: Paul Blujanik
movieId: MR34  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: MR34  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: MR34  actor: Swoosie Kurtz
movieId: MR34  actor: Martha Plimpton
movieId: MR34  actor: Harley Cross
movieId: MR34  actor: Jamey Sheridan
movieId: MR34  actor: Feodor Chaliapin
movieId: MR34  actor: Zohra Lampert
movieId: MRa10  actor: Mary Beth Hurt
movieId: MRb10  actor: Mark Hamill
movieId: MRb10  actor: Annie Potts
movieId: MRb15  actor: Peter MacNicol
movieId: MRb15  actor: Caitlin Clarke
movieId: MRb15  actor: Ralph Richardson
movieId: MRc10  actor: Pat Benatar
movieId: MRc10  actor: Deborah Harry
movieId: MRc10  actor: Dennis Lipscomb
movieId: MRc10  actor: Everett McGill
movieId: MrD2  actor: Colin Firth
movieId: MrD2  actor: Hart Bochner
movieId: MRe7  actor: Jeannie Carson
movieId: MRe7  actor: Donald Sinden
movieId: MRe7  actor: Roland Culver
movieId: MRe7  actor: Noel Purcell
movieId: MRe7  actor: Ian Hunter
movieId: MRe7  actor: Carl Jaffe
movieId: MRe7  actor: Catherine Lacey
movieId: MRm10  actor: Kathryn McNeil
movieId: MRm10  actor: Eileen Davidson
movieId: MRm20  actor: Sean Young
movieId: MRm20  actor: Ben Cross
movieId: MRm20  actor: Daniel Baldwin
movieId: MRm20  actor: Nick Mancusi
movieId: MRm20  actor: Linda Boyd
movieId: MRm20  actor: Tim Henry
movieId: MrN12  actor: Sarita Choudhury
movieId: MrN12  actor: Indira Varmi
movieId: MrN12  actor: Naveen Andrews
movieId: MrN12  actor: Ramon Tikaram
movieId: MRo10  actor: Kevin Bacon
movieId: MRo10  actor: Christian Slater
movieId: MRo10  actor: Gary Oldman
movieId: MRP10  actor: Wesley Snipes
movieId: MRP10  actor: Ice-T
movieId: MRP10  actor: Judd Nelson
movieId: MRP10  actor: Mario VanPeebles
movieId: MRP10  actor: Eek-A-Mouse
movieId: MRP10  actor: Tracy Camilla Johns
movieId: MRP14  actor: Mario VanPeebles
movieId: MRP14  actor: Melvin VanPeebles
movieId: MRP14  actor: Woody Strode
movieId: MRP14  actor: Pam Grier
movieId: MRP14  actor: Stephen Baldwin
movieId: MRP14  actor: Charles Lane
movieId: MRP14  actor: Tiny Lister~jr.
movieId: MRP14  actor: Isaac Hayes
movieId: MRP14  actor: Tone Loc
movieId: MRP14  actor: Nipsey Russell
movieId: MRP14  actor: Billy Zane
movieId: MRP14  actor: Big Daddy Kane
movieId: MRP14  actor: Richard Jordan
movieId: MRP14  actor: Blair Underwood
movieId: MRP14  actor: Dario Scardapane
movieId: MRr5  actor: Martin Priest
movieId: MRr5  actor: Ben Lang
movieId: MRr5  actor: Margo Solin
movieId: MRr5  actor: Maxine Woods
movieId: MRs1  actor: Jean Brooks
movieId: MRs1  actor: Kim Hunter
movieId: MRs1  actor: Tim Conway
movieId: MRs1  actor: Isabel Jewell
movieId: MRs1  actor: Hugh Beaumont
movieId: MRs2  actor: Richard Dix
movieId: MRs13  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: MRs13  actor: Ellen Drew
movieId: MRs13  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: MRs13  actor: Helene Thimig
movieId: MRs13  actor: Marc Cramer
movieId: MRs13  actor: Katerine Emery
movieId: MRs13  actor: Alan Napier
movieId: MRs16  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: MRs21  actor: Lana Turner
movieId: MRs21  actor: Arthur Kennedy
movieId: MRs21  actor: Hope Lang
movieId: MRs21  actor: Lee Phillips
movieId: MRs21  actor: Lloyd Nolan
movieId: MRs21  actor: Russ Tamblyn
movieId: MRs21  actor: Terry Moore
movieId: MRs21  actor: Della Varsi
movieId: MRs21  actor: Betty Field
movieId: MRs21  actor: s a
movieId: MRs21  actor: s a
movieId: MRs21  actor: David Nelson
movieId: MRs21  actor: s a
movieId: MRs21  actor: s a
movieId: MRs21  actor: s a
movieId: MRs21  actor: s a
movieId: MRs21  actor: s a
movieId: MRs25  actor: William Holden
movieId: MRs25  actor: Grace Kelly
movieId: MRs25  actor: Fredric March
movieId: MRs25  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: MRs25  actor: Charles McGraw
movieId: MRs25  actor: Earl Holliman
movieId: MRs25  actor: Robert Strauss
movieId: MRs25  actor: Willis Bouchey
movieId: MRs25  actor: Keiko Awaji
movieId: MRs25  actor: Gene Reynolds
movieId: MRs32  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: MRs32  actor: Curt Jurgens
movieId: MRs32  actor: Robert Donat
movieId: MRs32  actor: Athene Seyler
movieId: MRs32  actor: Ronald Squire
movieId: MRs32  actor: Richard Wattis
movieId: MRs32  actor: Moultrie Kelsall
movieId: MRs36  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: MRs36  actor: Elke Sommer
movieId: MRs36  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: MRs36  actor: Diane Baker
movieId: MRs36  actor: Kevin McCarthy
movieId: MRs36  actor: Leo G. Carroll
movieId: MRs36  actor: Michelin Presle
movieId: MRs39  actor: Barabara Parkins
movieId: MRs39  actor: Sharon Tate
movieId: MRs39  actor: Patty Duke
movieId: MRs39  actor: Susan Hayward
movieId: MRs39  actor: Paul Burke
movieId: MRs39  actor: Tony Scotti
movieId: MRs39  actor: Martin Milner
movieId: MRs39  actor: Charles Drake
movieId: MRs39  actor: Jaqueline Susann
movieId: MRs41  actor: Rod Steiger
movieId: MRs41  actor: Susannah York
movieId: MRs41  actor: George Grixxard
movieId: MRs41  actor: Don Murray
movieId: MRs43  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: MRs43  actor: Ava Gardner
movieId: MRs43  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: MRs43  actor: Lorne Greene
movieId: MRs43  actor: Marjoe Gortner
movieId: MRs43  actor: Barry Sullivan
movieId: MRs43  actor: Richard Roundtree
movieId: MRs43  actor: Genevieve Bujold
movieId: MRs43  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: MRt3  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: MRt5  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: MRt5  actor: Peter Boyle
movieId: MRt5  actor: Don Porter
movieId: MRt5  actor: Karen Carlson
movieId: MRt5  actor: Melvyn Douglas
movieId: MRt6  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: MRt6  actor: Barbara Feldon
movieId: MRt6  actor: Michael Kidd
movieId: MRt6  actor: Annette OToole
movieId: MRt6  actor: Joan Prather
movieId: MRt6  actor: Maria OBrien
movieId: MRt6  actor: Melanie Griffith
movieId: MRt6  actor: Nicholas Pryor
movieId: MRt7  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: MRt7  actor: Tatum ONeil
movieId: MRt8  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: MRt8  actor: Kris Kristofferson
movieId: MRt8  actor: Jill Clayburgh
movieId: MRt8  actor: Lotte Lenya
movieId: MRt11  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: MRt11  actor: David Warner
movieId: MRt11  actor: Angela Punch McGregor
movieId: MRt11  actor: Frank Middlemass
movieId: MRt11  actor: Dudley Sutton
movieId: MRt11  actor: Clyde Jeavons
movieId: MRt15  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: MRt15  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: MRt15  actor: Jerry Reed
movieId: MRt18  actor: Chevy Chase
movieId: MRt18  actor: Dana WheelerNicholson
movieId: MRt18  actor: Tim Matheson
movieId: MRt18  actor: Kenneth Mars
movieId: MRt20  actor: Goldie Hawn
movieId: MRt20  actor: James Keach
movieId: MRt20  actor: Swoosie Kurtz
movieId: MRt25  actor: James Woods
movieId: MRt25  actor: Lou Gossett~jr.
movieId: MRt25  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: MRt27  actor: Holly Hunter
movieId: MRh10  actor: Christoph Waltz
movieId: MRh10  actor: Gudrun Landgrebe
movieId: MRh10  actor: Anica Dobra
movieId: MRh10  actor: Heio vonStetten
movieId: MRh10  actor: Ann-Kathrin Kramer
movieId: MRh10  actor: s a
movieId: MRh10  actor: x Hagen
movieId: MRh10  actor: x Tauber
movieId: MRh10  actor: s a
movieId: MRh10  actor: s a
movieId: MRh10  actor: Reinhold Kruppa
movieId: MRv6  actor: Rupert Davies
movieId: MRv6  actor: Ian Ogilvy
movieId: MRv6  actor: Patrick Wymark
movieId: MRv6  actor: Hilary Dwyer
movieId: MRy1  actor: Anne Heywood
movieId: MRy1  actor: Sandy Dennis
movieId: MRy1  actor: Keir Dullea
movieId: MRy5  actor: James Caan
movieId: MRy5  actor: Elliott Gould
movieId: MRy5  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: MRy5  actor: Diane Keaton
movieId: MRy7  actor: John Wayne
movieId: MRy7  actor: Roscoe Lee Brown
movieId: MRy7  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: MRy9  actor: Bette Midler
movieId: MRy9  actor: Alan Bates
movieId: MRy10  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: MRy10  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: MRy10  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: MRy10  actor: Dabney Colman
movieId: MRy10  actor: Doug McKeon
movieId: MRy19  actor: Bette Midler
movieId: MRy19  actor: James Caan
movieId: MRy19  actor: George Segal
movieId: MRy19  actor: Arye Gross
movieId: MRy21  actor: Richard Gere
movieId: MRy21  actor: Sharon Stone
movieId: MRy21  actor: Lolita Davidovich
movieId: MRy21  actor: Martin Landau
movieId: MRy21  actor: David Selby
movieId: MRy21  actor: Jenny Morrison
movieId: MRy21  actor: Ron White
movieId: MRy21  actor: Matthew Walker
movieId: MRy21  actor: Suki Kaiser
movieId: MS1  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: MS1  actor: Zina Bethune
movieId: MS2  actor: David Carradine
movieId: MS2  actor: Barbara Hershey
movieId: MS2  actor: Barry Primus
movieId: MS3  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: MS3  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: MS3  actor: Richard Romanus
movieId: MS3  actor: David Proval
movieId: MS3  actor: Harry Northrup
movieId: MS3  actor: George Memmoli
movieId: MS3  actor: Amy Robinson
movieId: MS3  actor: Cesare Danova
movieId: MS3  actor: David Carradine
movieId: MS3  actor: Robert Carradine
movieId: MS3  actor: Martin Scorsese
movieId: MS4  actor: Ellen Bursteyn
movieId: MS4  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: MS4  actor: Kris Kristofferson
movieId: MS4  actor: Alfred Lutter
movieId: MS4  actor: Jodie Foster
movieId: MS4  actor: Vic Tayback
movieId: MS4  actor: Diane Ladd
movieId: MS4  actor: Valerie Curtin
movieId: MS4  actor: Lelia Goldoni
movieId: MS5  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: MS5  actor: Cybill Shepherd
movieId: MS5  actor: Jodie Foster
movieId: MS5  actor: Peter Boyle
movieId: MS5  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: MS5  actor: Albert Brooks
movieId: MS5  actor: Martin Scorsese
movieId: MS5  actor: Diahnne Abbott
movieId: MS5  actor: Leonard Harris
movieId: MS7  actor: Liza Minnelli
movieId: MS7  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: MS7  actor: Lionel Stander
movieId: MS7  actor: Barry Primus
movieId: MS7  actor: Diahnne Abbott
movieId: MS7  actor: Shera Danese
movieId: MS7  actor: William Tole
movieId: MS10  actor: The band
movieId: MS10  actor: Joni Mtichell
movieId: MS10  actor: Bob Dylan
movieId: MS10  actor: Van Morrison
movieId: MS10  actor: Neil Young
movieId: MS10  actor: Eric Clapton
movieId: MS10  actor: Muddy Waters
movieId: MS10  actor: Ronnie Hawkins
movieId: MS10  actor: Dr. John
movieId: MS10  actor: The Staples
movieId: MS10  actor: Ringo Starr
movieId: MS10  actor: Paul Butterfield
movieId: MS10  actor: Neil Diamond
movieId: MS10  actor: Emmylou Harris
movieId: MS18  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: MS18  actor: Cathy Moriarty
movieId: MS18  actor: Joe Pesci
movieId: MS18  actor: Frank Vincent
movieId: MS18  actor: Nicholas Colasanto
movieId: MS18  actor: Theresa Saldana
movieId: MS18  actor: x Lafaro
movieId: MS19  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: MS19  actor: Diahnne Abbott
movieId: MS19  actor: Sandra Bernhard
movieId: MS19  actor: Jerry Lewis
movieId: MS19  actor: Shelley Hack
movieId: MS19  actor: Tony Randall
movieId: MS19  actor: Jorce Brothers
movieId: MS19  actor: Liza Minelli
movieId: MS19  actor: Victor Borge
movieId: MS19  actor: Frederic deCordova
movieId: MS19  actor: Ed Herlihy
movieId: MS20  actor: Griffin Dunne
movieId: MS20  actor: Rosanna Arquette
movieId: MS20  actor: Verna Bloom
movieId: MS20  actor: Thomas Chong
movieId: MS20  actor: Teri Garr
movieId: MS20  actor: Linda Fiorentino
movieId: MS20  actor: Catherine OHara
movieId: MS20  actor: John Heard
movieId: MS20  actor: Cheech Marin
movieId: MS21  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: MS21  actor: Tom Cruise
movieId: MS21  actor: Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio
movieId: MS21  actor: Helen Shaver
movieId: MS21  actor: John Turtorro
movieId: MS21  actor: Bill Cobbs
movieId: MS22  actor: Willem Defoe
movieId: MS22  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: MS22  actor: Barbara Hershey
movieId: MS22  actor: David Bowie
movieId: MS23  actor: Rick Nolte
movieId: MS23  actor: Steve Buscemi
movieId: MS23  actor: s a
movieId: MS23  actor: Rosanna Arquette
movieId: MS23  actor: Heather McComb
movieId: MS23  actor: Gian Carlo Giannini
movieId: MS23  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: MS23  actor: Mia Farrow
movieId: MS23  actor: Jessie Keosian
movieId: MS23  actor: Mae Questel
movieId: MS25  actor: Ray Liotta
movieId: MS25  actor: Christopher Serrone
movieId: MS25  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: MS25  actor: Joe Pesci
movieId: MS25  actor: Paul Sorvino
movieId: MS25  actor: Lorraine Bracco
movieId: MS25  actor: Tony Darrow
movieId: MS25  actor: Welker White
movieId: MS25  actor: Joseph DOnofrio
movieId: MS26  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: MS26  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: MS26  actor: Jessica Lange
movieId: MS26  actor: Juliette Lewis
movieId: MS26  actor: Joe Don Parker
movieId: MS26  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: MS26  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: MS26  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: MS26  actor: Illeana Douglas
movieId: MS28  actor: Daniel DayLewis
movieId: MS28  actor: Winona Ryder
movieId: MS28  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: MS28  actor: Jonathan Price
movieId: MS28  actor: Joanne Woodward
movieId: MS28  actor: MaryBeth Hurt
movieId: MS28  actor: Geraldine Chaplin
movieId: MS28  actor: Alec McGowan
movieId: MS28  actor: Stan Phillips
movieId: MS28  actor: Alexis Smith
movieId: MS28  actor: Richard E. Grant
movieId: MS28  actor: Stuart Wilson
movieId: MS28  actor: Miriam Margolyes
movieId: MS30  actor: Al Pacino
movieId: MS30  actor: Sharon Stone
movieId: MS30  actor: Joe Pesci
movieId: MS30  actor: Robert de Niro
movieId: MS30  actor: Kevin Kline
movieId: MS30  actor: Don Rickles
movieId: MS30  actor: Oscar Goodman
movieId: MS32  actor: s a
movieId: MS34  actor: Nicolas Cage
movieId: MS34  actor: Patricia Arquette
movieId: MS34  actor: John Goodman
movieId: MS34  actor: Tom Sizemore
movieId: MS34  actor: Ving Rhames
movieId: MS34  actor: Martin Scorsese
movieId: MSa6  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: MSa6  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: MSa6  actor: Alice Brady
movieId: MSa6  actor: Edward Everett Horton
movieId: MSa6  actor: Eric Blore
movieId: MSa6  actor: Erik Rhodes
movieId: MSa6  actor: E.E. Clive
movieId: MSa6  actor: Lillian Miles
movieId: MSa6  actor: Paul Porcasi
movieId: MSa6  actor: Betty Grable
movieId: MSa7  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: MSa7  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: MSa7  actor: Edward Everett Horton
movieId: MSa7  actor: Helen Broderick
movieId: MSa7  actor: Eric Blore
movieId: MSa7  actor: Erik Rhodes
movieId: MSa7  actor: Edgar Norton
movieId: MSa8  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: MSa8  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: MSa8  actor: Randolph Scott
movieId: MSa8  actor: Harriett Hilliard
movieId: MSa8  actor: Astrid Allwyn
movieId: MSa8  actor: Harry Beresford
movieId: MSa8  actor: Lucille Ball
movieId: MSa8  actor: Betty Grable
movieId: MSa8  actor: Tony Martin
movieId: MSa9  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: MSa9  actor: Van Heflin
movieId: MSa9  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: MSa9  actor: Elizabeth Allan
movieId: MSa9  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: MSa9  actor: Doris Dudley
movieId: MSa9  actor: David Manners
movieId: MSa9  actor: Lucile Watson
movieId: MSa9  actor: Eily Malyon
movieId: MSa9  actor: Margaret Seddon
movieId: MSa9  actor: Lionel Pape
movieId: MSa9  actor: Constance Lupino
movieId: MSa10  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: MSa10  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: MSa10  actor: Eric Blore
movieId: MSa10  actor: Edward Everett Horton
movieId: MSa10  actor: Jerome Cowan
movieId: MSa10  actor: Harriet Hoctor
movieId: MSa10  actor: Ketti Gallian
movieId: MSa10  actor: Ann Shoemaker
movieId: MSa10  actor: W. Bishop
movieId: MSa12  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: MSa12  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: MSa12  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: MSa12  actor: Luella Gear
movieId: MSa12  actor: Clarence Kolb
movieId: MSa12  actor: Jack Carson
movieId: MSa12  actor: Franklin Pangborn
movieId: MSa12  actor: Walter Kingsford
movieId: MSa12  actor: Hattie McDaniel
movieId: MSb10  actor: Tim Roth
movieId: MSb10  actor: Bridget Fonda
movieId: MSb10  actor: Phoebe Cates
movieId: MSb10  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: MSC10  actor: Ford Sterling
movieId: MSC10  actor: Louise Brooks
movieId: MSe10  actor: Charlie Chaplin
movieId: MSe10  actor: Chester Conklin
movieId: MSe10  actor: Slim Summerville
movieId: MSe10  actor: Charles Chase
movieId: MSe10  actor: Vivian Edwards
movieId: MSe15  actor: Roscoe Arbuckle
movieId: MSe15  actor: Mabel Normand
movieId: MSe15  actor: Minta Durfee
movieId: MSe15  actor: Harry Gribbon
movieId: MSe15  actor: Edgar Kennedy
movieId: MSe18  actor: Roscoe Arbuckle
movieId: MSe18  actor: Mabel Normand
movieId: MSe18  actor: Al StJohn
movieId: MSe18  actor: Joe Bordeaux
movieId: MSf10  actor: Libertad Lamarque
movieId: MSf10  actor: Hugo delCarril
movieId: MSf10  actor: Jose Ollara
movieId: MSf10  actor: Orestes Caviglia
movieId: MSf10  actor: Juan Jose
movieId: MSf10  actor: Orestes Caviglia
movieId: MSf10  actor: Armando Boffilde Pirovano
movieId: MSf10  actor: Tino Tori
movieId: MSf10  actor: Elvira Quiroga
movieId: MSf10  actor: Eva Duarte
movieId: MSf15  actor: Jose Miguez
movieId: MSf15  actor: Eva Duarte
movieId: MSJ10  actor: Joseph Mazello
movieId: MSJ10  actor: Ian Michael Smith
movieId: MSJ10  actor: David Strathairn
movieId: MSJ10  actor: Oliver Platt
movieId: MSJ10  actor: Ashley Judd
movieId: MSJ10  actor: Dana Ivey
movieId: MSJ10  actor: Jan Hook
movieId: MSJ10  actor: Beatrice Winden
movieId: MSJ10  actor: Cecily Carroll
movieId: MSJ10  actor: s a
movieId: MSL10  actor: Michael Murphy
movieId: MSL10  actor: Louise Fletcher
movieId: MSL10  actor: Dan Shor
movieId: MSL10  actor: Fiona Lewis
movieId: MSL10  actor: Charles Lane
movieId: MSL10  actor: Scott Brady
movieId: MSL10  actor: Arthur Dignam
movieId: MSL15  actor: Nancy Allen
movieId: MSL15  actor: Diana Scarwid
movieId: MSL15  actor: Louise Fletcher
movieId: MSL15  actor: Paul LeMat
movieId: MSL15  actor: Michael Lerner
movieId: MSL15  actor: Fiona Lewis
movieId: MSL15  actor: Wallace Shawn
movieId: MSL15  actor: Kenneth Tobey
movieId: MSL15  actor: June Lockhart
movieId: MSm10  actor: Jeff Goldblum
movieId: MSm10  actor: Rowan Atkinson
movieId: MSm10  actor: Emma Thompson
movieId: MSm10  actor: Geraldine James
movieId: MSm10  actor: Hugh Thomas
movieId: MSm10  actor: Anna Massey
movieId: MSm10  actor: Kim Thompson
movieId: MSm10  actor: Peter Kelly
movieId: MSm10  actor: Mel Smith
movieId: MSm14  actor: Mary Stuart Masterson
movieId: MSm14  actor: Brian Beben
movieId: MSm14  actor: Ned Beatty
movieId: MSm14  actor: Michael Lerner
movieId: MSm14  actor: Christopher Lloyd
movieId: MSm17  actor: Rowan Atkinson
movieId: MSm17  actor: Peter McNicol
movieId: MSm17  actor: Pamela Reed
movieId: MSm17  actor: s a
movieId: MSm17  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: MSm17  actor: Peter Egan
movieId: MSm17  actor: John Mills
movieId: MSm17  actor: Peter Capaldi
movieId: MSm17  actor: June Brown
movieId: MSo10  actor: Tomas Arana
movieId: MSo10  actor: Asia Argento
movieId: MSo10  actor: Feodor Chaliapin~jr.
movieId: MSo10  actor: Barabara Cupisti
movieId: MSo10  actor: Hugh Quarshie
movieId: MSo10  actor: Antonella Vitale
movieId: MSp2  actor: Clotilde Coureau
movieId: MSp5  actor: Vanessa Paradis
movieId: MSp5  actor: Clotilde Coureau
movieId: MSp10  actor: Clotilde Coureau
movieId: MSp10  actor: Roschdy Zem
movieId: MSp10  actor: Vincent Elbas
movieId: MSp10  actor: Karin Vaud
movieId: MSp10  actor: Geraldine Pailhas
movieId: MSr10  actor: Heinz Bennent
movieId: MSr10  actor: Pierre Clementi
movieId: MSr10  actor: JeanMarc Bory
movieId: MSr10  actor: Aurore Clement
movieId: MSr10  actor: Anne Lonnberg
movieId: MSt30  actor: Lars Hanson
movieId: MSt30  actor: Karin Molander
movieId: MSt30  actor: Tora Teje
movieId: MSt30  actor: Anders deWahl
movieId: MSt40  actor: Greta Garbo
movieId: MSt40  actor: Lars Hanson
movieId: MSt53  actor: Greta Garbo
movieId: MSt53  actor: Antonio Moreno
movieId: MSt53  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: MSt53  actor: Roy dArcy
movieId: MSt53  actor: Marc McDermott
movieId: MSt53  actor: s a
movieId: MSt53  actor: Roblio Provani
movieId: MSt53  actor: Canbresa Calicita
movieId: MSt53  actor: Manay Duras
movieId: MSw10  actor: Peter Horton
movieId: MSw10  actor: Tracy Pollan
movieId: MSw10  actor: Bill Smitrovich
movieId: MSw10  actor: Meg Dotrice
movieId: MSw10  actor: s a
movieId: MSw10  actor: Nallig Horrigan
movieId: MSz8  actor: Franklyn Ajaye
movieId: MSz8  actor: Richard Pryor
movieId: MSz8  actor: George Carlin
movieId: MSz8  actor: Ivan Dixon
movieId: MSz8  actor: Melanie Mayron
movieId: MSz8  actor: Garrett Morris
movieId: MSz10  actor: Richard Pryor
movieId: MSz10  actor: Richard Pryor
movieId: MSz10  actor: Richard Pryor
movieId: MSz10  actor: Lonette McKee
movieId: MSz10  actor: Margaret Avery
movieId: MSz10  actor: Morgan Woodward
movieId: MSz10  actor: Dewayne Jessie
movieId: MSz11  actor: Richard Pryor
movieId: MSz11  actor: Beau Bridges
movieId: MSz11  actor: Pam Grier
movieId: MSz11  actor: Cleavon Little
movieId: MSz11  actor: Vincent Gardenia
movieId: MSz15  actor: George Segal
movieId: MSz15  actor: Susan SaintJames
movieId: MSz15  actor: Denzel Washington
movieId: MSz15  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: MSz15  actor: Paul Winfield
movieId: MSz15  actor: Dick Martin
movieId: MSz25  actor: Terrence `T.C.' Carson
movieId: MSz25  actor: Blanch Baker
movieId: MtB16  actor: Jeff Bridges
movieId: MtB16  actor: Edward Furlong
movieId: MtB16  actor: Lucinda Jenny
movieId: MtB16  actor: Don Harvey
movieId: MtB16  actor: Tracey Kapisky
movieId: MtC10  actor: Ray Liotta
movieId: MtC10  actor: Lance Henriksen
movieId: MtC10  actor: Stuart Wilson
movieId: MtC10  actor: Ernie Hudson
movieId: MtC10  actor: Kevin Dillon
movieId: MtC10  actor: Ian McNeice
movieId: MtC12  actor: Pierce Brosnan
movieId: MtC12  actor: Sean Bean
movieId: MtC12  actor: Ixabella Scupperea
movieId: MtC12  actor: Famke Janssen
movieId: MtC12  actor: Joe Don Baker
movieId: MtC12  actor: Tchecky Karyo
movieId: MtC12  actor: s a
movieId: MtC12  actor: Desmond Llewellyn
movieId: MtC12  actor: Samantha Bond>
movieId: MtC12  actor: Gottfried John
movieId: MtC12  actor: s a
movieId: MtC12  actor: s a
movieId: MtC12  actor: s a
movieId: MtC12  actor: s a
movieId: MtC12  actor: s a
movieId: MtC12  actor: s a
movieId: MtC12  actor: s a
movieId: MtC15  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: MtC15  actor: Catherine ZetaJones
movieId: MtC15  actor: Catherine ZetaJones
movieId: MtC15  actor: Antonio Banderas
movieId: MtC15  actor: Stuart Wilson
movieId: MtC15  actor: Matt Litcheck
movieId: MtC15  actor: L.Q. Jones
movieId: MtC15  actor: s a
movieId: MtC15  actor: Gheorge Muresan
movieId: MtD10  actor: John Ritter
movieId: MtD10  actor: Anne Archer
movieId: MtD10  actor: Bert Convy
movieId: MTh10  actor: Isabelle Huppert
movieId: MtM10  actor: Arye Gross
movieId: MtM10  actor: Courteney Cox
movieId: MtR1  actor: Lawrence Gilliard
movieId: MtR1  actor: Mark Malone
movieId: MtR1  actor: Matty Rich
movieId: MtR1  actor: George T. Odom
movieId: MtR1  actor: Ann D. Sanders
movieId: MtR5  actor: Larenz Tate
movieId: MtR5  actor: Duane Martin
movieId: MtR5  actor: Joe Morton
movieId: MtR5  actor: s a
movieId: MtR5  actor: Glynn Thurman
movieId: MtR10  actor: Barbra Streisand
movieId: MtR10  actor: Miranda Richardson
movieId: MtR10  actor: s a
movieId: MtR10  actor: Martin Vignover
movieId: MTU10  actor: Mako
movieId: MTU10  actor: Nobu McCarthy
movieId: MTU10  actor: Shizuko Hoshi
movieId: MTU10  actor: Danny Kameakona
movieId: MTU10  actor: Sab Shimono
movieId: MTU10  actor: Patty Yatsutake
movieId: MTU10  actor: Takago Fisher
movieId: MTU10  actor: Ken Narasaki
movieId: MuB5  actor: Robert Newton
movieId: MuB5  actor: Glynis Johns
movieId: MuB5  actor: Donald Sinden
movieId: MuB5  actor: Paul Rogers
movieId: MuB5  actor: Donald pleasence
movieId: MuB5  actor: Walter Crisham
movieId: MuB5  actor: Michael Hordern
movieId: MuB5  actor: Ronald Lewis
movieId: MuK10  actor: Mathiau Kassovitz
movieId: MuK10  actor: Julie Mauduech
movieId: MuK10  actor: Hubert Kounde
movieId: MvC10  actor: George Hamilton
movieId: MvC10  actor: Sue Lyon
movieId: MvC10  actor: Bert Freed
movieId: MvC10  actor: Rod Cameron
movieId: MvC10  actor: Dub Taylor
movieId: MvC20  actor: David Soul
movieId: MvC20  actor: Linda Purl
movieId: MvC20  actor: Carolyn Jones
movieId: MvC20  actor: Clifton Davis
movieId: MvC20  actor: Lou Gossett~jr.
movieId: MvC20  actor: Vic Tayback
movieId: MvC20  actor: Lana Wood
movieId: MvC20  actor: Kathleen Quinlan
movieId: MvC20  actor: Dorothy Malone
movieId: MvC20  actor: Paul Burke
movieId: MvC30  actor: James Garner
movieId: MvC30  actor: Shirley Jones
movieId: MvC30  actor: C. Thomas Howell
movieId: MvC30  actor: Jenilee Harrison
movieId: MvC30  actor: G.D. Spradlin
movieId: MvC30  actor: Eddie Murphy
movieId: MvD10  actor: Fedja van Huet
movieId: MvD10  actor: Betty Shuurman
movieId: MvD10  actor: Jan Decleir
movieId: MVh10  actor: Lena Stolze
movieId: MVh10  actor: Robert Giggenbach
movieId: MVh10  actor: Elisabeth Berkin
movieId: MVh10  actor: HansRichter Mueller
movieId: MVP5  actor: Harry Baird
movieId: MVP5  actor: Nicole Beringer
movieId: MVP10  actor: Godfrey Cambridge
movieId: MVP10  actor: Estelle Parsons
movieId: MVP20  actor: Melvin VanPeebles
movieId: MVP20  actor: Simon Chuckster
movieId: MVP20  actor: Hubert Scales
movieId: MVP20  actor: John Dullaghan
movieId: MVP20  actor: Wes Gale
movieId: MVP20  actor: Niva Rochelle
movieId: MVP20  actor: Rhetta Hughes
movieId: MVP20  actor: John Amos
movieId: MVP20  actor: Megan Van Peebles
movieId: MVP20  actor: Max Van Peebles
movieId: MVP20  actor: Mario VanPeebles
movieId: MVP22  actor: Esther Rolle
movieId: MVP22  actor: Avon Long
movieId: MVP22  actor: Rhetta Hughes
movieId: MVP40  actor: Mario VanPeebles
movieId: MVP40  actor: Ilan MitchellSmith
movieId: MVP40  actor: Shelley Burch
movieId: MVP47  actor: Richard Barboza
movieId: MVP47  actor: Laura Lane
movieId: MVP47  actor: Dewar Zasee
movieId: MVP47  actor: Kim Smith
movieId: MvS1  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: MvS1  actor: Milly Vitale
movieId: MvS1  actor: Angela Clark
movieId: MvS1  actor: George Tobias
movieId: MvS1  actor: James Cagney
movieId: MvS1  actor: Herbert Heyes
movieId: MvS2  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: MvS2  actor: Paul Douglas
movieId: MvS2  actor: Vera Miles
movieId: MvS2  actor: Alexis Smith
movieId: MvS2  actor: Darren McGavin
movieId: MvS2  actor: Joe Mantell
movieId: MvS2  actor: Walter Catlett
movieId: MvS2  actor: Jack Benny
movieId: MvS2  actor: George Jessel
movieId: MvS2  actor: Jimmy Durante
movieId: MvS2  actor: Walter Winchell
movieId: MvS2  actor: Alistair Cooke
movieId: MvS3  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: MvS3  actor: Sophia Loran
movieId: MvS3  actor: Martha Hyer
movieId: MvS3  actor: Eduardo Cianelli
movieId: MvS3  actor: Harry Guardino
movieId: MvS4  actor: Danny Kaye
movieId: MvS4  actor: Barbara BelGeddes
movieId: MvS4  actor: Louis Armstrong
movieId: MvS4  actor: Bob Crosby
movieId: MvS4  actor: Harry Guardino
movieId: MvS4  actor: Tuesday Weld
movieId: MvS4  actor: Ray Anthony
movieId: MvS4  actor: s a
movieId: MvS6  actor: Danny Kaye
movieId: MvS6  actor: Dana Winter
movieId: MvS6  actor: Wilfrid Hyde White
movieId: MvS6  actor: Diana Dors
movieId: MvS6  actor: Margaret Rutherford
movieId: MvS6  actor: Alan Cuthbertson
movieId: MvS6  actor: Jesse White
movieId: MvS10  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: MvS10  actor: Elsa Martinelli
movieId: MvS10  actor: Brian Donlevy
movieId: MvS10  actor: Harry Guardino
movieId: MvS10  actor: Baccaloni
movieId: MvS10  actor: Richard Nelson
movieId: MvS12  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: MvS12  actor: Joanne Woodward
movieId: MvS12  actor: Maurice Chevalier
movieId: MvS12  actor: Thelma Ritter
movieId: MvS12  actor: George Tobias
movieId: MvT10  actor: Barbara Sukowa
movieId: MvT10  actor: Stefania Sandrelli
movieId: MvT10  actor: Sami Frey
movieId: MWa4  actor: Jimi Hendriks
movieId: MWa4  actor: The Who
movieId: MWa4  actor: Joe Cocker
movieId: MWa4  actor: Janis Joplin
movieId: MWa4  actor: Creedence Clearwater Revival
movieId: MWa4  actor: Richie Havens
movieId: MWa10  actor: Albert Finney
movieId: MWa10  actor: Diane Venora
movieId: MWa10  actor: Edward James Olmes
movieId: MwB10  actor: Ursula Andress
movieId: MwB10  actor: Matthew Barney
movieId: MwB10  actor: Matthew Barney
movieId: MwB10  actor: Matthew Barney
movieId: MWid15  actor: Woody Harrelson
movieId: MWid15  actor: Marisa Tomei
movieId: MWid15  actor: Stephen Dillane
movieId: MWid15  actor: Kerry Fox
movieId: MWid16  actor: Robert Carlyle
movieId: MWl10  actor: Lavonne Paire Davis
movieId: MWe10  actor: s a
movieId: MWe10  actor: s a
movieId: MWe12  actor: Helene Weigel
movieId: MWe12  actor: s a
movieId: MWe15  actor: Helene Weigel
movieId: MWu10  actor: Gunther Kieslich
movieId: MWu10  actor: Heinz Giese
movieId: MWz10  actor: Udo Samel
movieId: MWz10  actor: Marc Richter
movieId: MWz10  actor: Leonard Lansink
movieId: MWz10  actor: s a
movieId: MWz10  actor: s a
movieId: MxA10  actor: Eric Stern
movieId: MxA10  actor: Eric Stern
movieId: MxA10  actor: s a
movieId: MxB10  actor: Robby Benson
movieId: MxB10  actor: Glynnis OConnor
movieId: MxB10  actor: Max Baer
movieId: MxB10  actor: Joan Hotchkis
movieId: MxB10  actor: Sandy McPeak
movieId: MxB10  actor: James Best
movieId: MxS12  actor: Kevin McCarthy
movieId: MxS12  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: MYa20  actor: Wu Xiao Tong
movieId: MYa20  actor: Asuka Okasaka
movieId: MYa20  actor: Hiroshi Fuijooka
movieId: MYa20  actor: Qian Po
movieId: MYa20  actor: Gu Xioa Tong
movieId: MyH10  actor: Lili Taylor
movieId: MyH10  actor: Christian Bale
movieId: MyH10  actor: William Dafoe
movieId: MyH10  actor: s a
movieId: MyH10  actor: Reese Witherspoon
movieId: MyH10  actor: Cloe Sevigny
movieId: MyH10  actor: Samantha Mathis
movieId: MyH10  actor: Cara Seymor
movieId: MyR10  actor: Matt Goldsby
movieId: MyR10  actor: Kristen Riter
movieId: MyR10  actor: Richard Brando
movieId: MyS10  actor: Koji Yakusho
movieId: MyS10  actor: s a
movieId: MyS10  actor: s a
movieId: MZ1  actor: Harriet Anderson
movieId: MZ1  actor: Gunnel Lindblom
movieId: MZ1  actor: Anita Bjork
movieId: MZ1  actor: Gunnar bjornstrand
movieId: MZ1  actor: Eva Dahlbeck
movieId: MZ15  actor: Chrissie Cotterill
movieId: MZa5  actor: Alastair Sim
movieId: MZa5  actor: Joyce Grenfell
movieId: MZa5  actor: Hugh Griffith
movieId: MZa5  actor: Fay Compton
movieId: MZa5  actor: John Laurie
movieId: MZa5  actor: George Cole
movieId: MZa5  actor: Guy Middleton
movieId: MZa5  actor: Ronald Adam
movieId: MZa5  actor: Leslie Dwyer
movieId: MZa5  actor: A.E. Matthews
movieId: MZa5  actor: Beatrice Campbell
movieId: MZa5  actor: Audrey Hepburn
movieId: MZa10  actor: Janette Scott
movieId: MZa10  actor: Vernon Gray
movieId: MZa10  actor: Kay Walsh
movieId: MZa10  actor: Jack Warner
movieId: MZa10  actor: Pamela Brown
movieId: MZa10  actor: Charles Victor
movieId: MZa10  actor: Wilfrid Lawson
movieId: MZa10  actor: Marjorie Rhodes
movieId: MZa10  actor: Sonia Dresdel
movieId: MZa10  actor: Ronald Squire
movieId: MZa10  actor: David Kosoff
movieId: MzN4  actor: Maurizio Nichetti
movieId: MzN4  actor: s a
movieId: MzN4  actor: s a
movieId: MzN10  actor: Maurizio Nichetti
movieId: MzN10  actor: Maurizio Nichetti
movieId: MzN10  actor: Caterina Sylos Labini
movieId: MzN10  actor: Heidi Komarek
movieId: MzN10  actor: s a
movieId: MzN10  actor: s a
movieId: MzN15  actor: Maurizio Nichetti
movieId: MzN15  actor: Angela Finocchiaro
movieId: MzN15  actor: Patrizio Roversi
movieId: NAb10  actor: Jerry Springer
movieId: NAC10  actor: Sabu
movieId: NAC10  actor: David Bruce
movieId: NAC10  actor: George E. Stone
movieId: NaM3  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: NaM3  actor: Diane Keaton
movieId: NaM3  actor: Amanda Peet
movieId: NaM3  actor: Keanu Reeves
movieId: NaM3  actor: Frances McDormand
movieId: NaM3  actor: John Favreau McDormand
movieId: NaM3  actor: Paul Michael Glaser
movieId: NBa10  actor: s a
movieId: NBa10  actor: s a
movieId: NBa10  actor: s a
movieId: NBa10  actor: s a
movieId: NBr10  actor: Amanda Donohue
movieId: NBr17  actor: Courtney Love
movieId: NBr17  actor: Kurt Cobain
movieId: NBr17  actor: Rozz Rezabeck
movieId: NBr17  actor: Hank Harrison
movieId: NcC10  actor: Trisha Todd
movieId: NcG10  actor: Catherine Deneuve
movieId: NcG10  actor: JeanPierre Bacri
movieId: NcG10  actor: Emmanuelle Seigner
movieId: NCh10  actor: Nigel Davenport
movieId: NCh10  actor: Robin Askwith
movieId: NCh10  actor: George Layton
movieId: NCh10  actor: Robin Nedwell
movieId: NCh10  actor: Warren Mitchell
movieId: NCh10  actor: John LeMesurier
movieId: NCh10  actor: Edward Woodward
movieId: NCh10  actor: Irene Handl
movieId: NcM10  actor: Mel Gibson
movieId: NcM10  actor: Helen Hunt
movieId: NcM10  actor: Alan Alda
movieId: NcM10  actor: Marisa Tomei
movieId: NcM10  actor: Ashley Johnson
movieId: NcM10  actor: Valerie Perrine
movieId: NcM10  actor: sa
movieId: NcM10  actor: sa
movieId: NCo11  actor: Bill Bixby
movieId: NCo11  actor: Lou Ferrigno
movieId: NCs10  actor: Sean Penn
movieId: NCs10  actor: Robin Wright
movieId: NCs10  actor: John Travolta
movieId: NCs10  actor: Gena Rowlands
movieId: NeJ10  actor: Stephen Rea
movieId: NeJ10  actor: Veronica Quilligan
movieId: NeJ10  actor: Alan Devlin
movieId: NeJ10  actor: Peter Caffrey
movieId: NeJ12  actor: Angela Lansbury
movieId: NeJ12  actor: David Warner
movieId: NeJ12  actor: Graham Crowden
movieId: NeJ12  actor: Brain Glover
movieId: NeJ12  actor: Sarah Patterson
movieId: NeJ12  actor: Micha Bergese
movieId: NeJ12  actor: Stephen Rea
movieId: NeJ14  actor: Bob Hoskins
movieId: NeJ14  actor: Cathy Tyson
movieId: NeJ14  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: NeJ14  actor: s a
movieId: NeJ14  actor: s a
movieId: NeJ14  actor: s a
movieId: NeJ14  actor: Robbie Coltrane
movieId: NeJ15  actor: Peter OToole
movieId: NeJ16  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: NeJ16  actor: Sean Penn
movieId: NeJ16  actor: Hoyt Axton
movieId: NeJ16  actor: Bruno Kirby
movieId: NeJ16  actor: Ron McAnnely
movieId: NeJ16  actor: James Rosso
movieId: NeJ16  actor: Wallace Shawn
movieId: NeJ16  actor: Demi Moore
movieId: NeJ16  actor: Jessica Tandy
movieId: NeJ20  actor: Bevery DAngelo
movieId: NeJ20  actor: Niall Byrne
movieId: NeJ20  actor: Lorraine Pilkinton
movieId: NeJ20  actor: Donal McCann
movieId: NeJ22  actor: Stephen Rea
movieId: NeJ22  actor: Miranda Richardson
movieId: NeJ22  actor: Jaye Davidson
movieId: NeJ22  actor: Forest Whitaker
movieId: NeJ22  actor: Adrian Dunbar
movieId: NeJ22  actor: Lian Wilson
movieId: NeJ22  actor: Tony Slattery
movieId: NeJ28  actor: Eamonn Owens
movieId: NeJ28  actor: Stephen Rea
movieId: NeJ28  actor: Aisling OSullivan
movieId: NeJ28  actor: Fiona Shaw
movieId: NeJ28  actor: Alen Boydle
movieId: NeJ28  actor: Sinead OConnor
movieId: NeJ29  actor: Ralph Fiennes
movieId: NeJ29  actor: Julianne Moore
movieId: NeJ29  actor: Stephen Rea
movieId: NeJ29  actor: Ian Hart
movieId: NeJ29  actor: Sam Bould
movieId: NeJ29  actor: s a
movieId: NeJ29  actor: Henry Jay Jones
movieId: NeJ29  actor: s a
movieId: NF3  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: NF3  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: NF3  actor: Virginia Field
movieId: NF3  actor: J.Carroll Naish
movieId: NF3  actor: Thomas Beck
movieId: NF4  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: NF4  actor: Pauline Frederick
movieId: NF4  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: NF4  actor: Thomas Beck
movieId: NF4  actor: Jayne Regan
movieId: NF4  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: NF4  actor: John Carradine
movieId: NF4  actor: William vonBrincken
movieId: NF4  actor: Nedda Harrigan
movieId: NF4  actor: Philip Ahn
movieId: NF4  actor: John Bleifer
movieId: NF6  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: NF6  actor: Rochelle Hudson
movieId: NF6  actor: Robert Kent
movieId: NF6  actor: Chick Chandler
movieId: NF6  actor: J. Edward Bromberg
movieId: NF7  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: NF7  actor: Leon Ames
movieId: NF7  actor: Henry Wilcoxon
movieId: NF7  actor: Erik Rhodes
movieId: NF7  actor: Mary Macguire
movieId: NF7  actor: Harold Huber
movieId: NF9  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: NF10  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: NF10  actor: Ricardo Cortez
movieId: NF10  actor: George Sanders
movieId: NF10  actor: Robert Coote
movieId: NF10  actor: John Carradine
movieId: NF10  actor: Virginia Fields
movieId: NF12  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: NF12  actor: Joseph Schildkraut
movieId: NF12  actor: Lionel Atwill
movieId: NF12  actor: John King
movieId: NF12  actor: Virginia Fields
movieId: NF13  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: NF13  actor: Cesar Romero
movieId: NF13  actor: Pauline Moore
movieId: NF13  actor: Sen Yung
movieId: NF13  actor: Douglas Fowley
movieId: NF13  actor: June Gale
movieId: NF13  actor: Douglas Dumbrille
movieId: NF13  actor: Sally Blane
movieId: NF13  actor: Billie Seward
movieId: NF13  actor: Wally Vernon
movieId: NF13  actor: Donald mcBride
movieId: NF13  actor: Charles Halton
movieId: NF13  actor: Trevor Bardette
movieId: NF13  actor: Louis Jean Heydt
movieId: NF14  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: NF16  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: NF16  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: NF16  actor: Dolores delRio
movieId: NF16  actor: Everett Sloane
movieId: NF16  actor: Agnes Moorehead
movieId: NF16  actor: Jack Moss
movieId: NF16  actor: Richard Bennett
movieId: NF21  actor: Fess Parker
movieId: NF21  actor: Buddy Ebsen
movieId: NF21  actor: Hans Conried
movieId: NF25  actor: Fess Parker
movieId: NF25  actor: Buddy Ebsen
movieId: NF25  actor: Jeff York
movieId: NF27  actor: Guy Williams
movieId: NF27  actor: Henry Calvin
movieId: NF27  actor: Gene Sheldon
movieId: NF29  actor: Johnny Crawford
movieId: NF29  actor: Jay Silverheels
movieId: NF29  actor: Pat Hogan
movieId: NF29  actor: Bobby Crawford
movieId: NF29  actor: George Lewis
movieId: NF30  actor: Henry Silva
movieId: NFi10  actor: Frederick Weller
movieId: NGp10  actor: Mikkel Gaup
movieId: NGp10  actor: Helgi Skulason
movieId: NGr10  actor: Bessie Love
movieId: NGr10  actor: Stanley Smith
movieId: NGr10  actor: Gus Shy
movieId: NGr10  actor: Mary Lawlor
movieId: NGr10  actor: Lola Lane
movieId: NGr10  actor: Dorothy McNutty
movieId: NGr10  actor: Cliff Edwards
movieId: NGr20  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: NGr20  actor: Evelyn Keyes
movieId: NGr20  actor: Bruce Bennett
movieId: NGr20  actor: Pedro deCordoba
movieId: NGr20  actor: Edward vanSloan
movieId: NGr20  actor: Don Beddoe
movieId: NHa10  actor: Monica Potter
movieId: NHa10  actor: Rufus Sewell
movieId: NHa10  actor: Tom Hollander
movieId: NHa10  actor: Laurence
movieId: NHy10  actor: Nigel Hawthorne
movieId: NHy10  actor: Helen Mirren
movieId: NHy10  actor: Rupert Everett
movieId: NHy10  actor: Ian Holme
movieId: NHy15  actor: Jennifer Aniston
movieId: NHy15  actor: Paul Rudd
movieId: NHy15  actor: Alan Alda
movieId: NHy15  actor: Nigel Hawthorne
movieId: NHy15  actor: s a
movieId: NHy17  actor: Amanda Schull
movieId: NHy17  actor: Peter Gallagher
movieId: NHy17  actor: Zoe Soldana
movieId: NHy17  actor: Donna Murphy
movieId: NHy17  actor: David Gennan
movieId: NHy17  actor: Debra Monk
movieId: NHy17  actor: Ethan Stiefel
movieId: NHy17  actor: Sacha Radetsky
movieId: NHy17  actor: Ilia Kukk
movieId: NHy17  actor: Julie Kent
movieId: NHy17  actor: Tania Brown
movieId: NiC10  actor: Robert Preston
movieId: NiC10  actor: Lance Guest
movieId: NiC10  actor: Dan OHerlihy
movieId: NiC10  actor: Catherine Mary Stewart
movieId: NiC30  actor: Christopher Lloyd
movieId: NiC30  actor: Joan Plowright
movieId: NiC30  actor: Lea Thompson
movieId: NiC30  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: NiC30  actor: Paul Winfield
movieId: NiC30  actor: Mason Gamble
movieId: NiG10  actor: Jodie Foster
movieId: NiG10  actor: Martin Sheen
movieId: NiG10  actor: Alexis Smith
movieId: NiG10  actor: Mort Shuman
movieId: NiG10  actor: Scott Jacoby
movieId: NiG20  actor: Lou Gossett~jr.
movieId: NiG20  actor: Sally Kellerman
movieId: NiG20  actor: Tony Curtis
movieId: NiM5  actor: David Warner
movieId: NiM5  actor: Malcolm McDowell
movieId: NiM5  actor: Mary Steenburgen
movieId: NiM5  actor: Patti dArbanville
movieId: NiM5  actor: Charles Cioffi
movieId: NiM5  actor: Joseph Maher
movieId: NiM5  actor: Corey Feldman
movieId: NiM12  actor: William Shatner
movieId: NiM12  actor: Leonard Nimoy
movieId: NiM12  actor: Ricardo Montalban
movieId: NiM12  actor: DeForest Kelley
movieId: NiM12  actor: Kirstie Alley
movieId: NiM12  actor: Walter Koenig
movieId: NiM12  actor: James Doohan
movieId: NiM12  actor: George Takei
movieId: NiM12  actor: Nichelle Nichols
movieId: NiM13  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: NiM13  actor: JoBeth Williams
movieId: NiM13  actor: Steven Guttenberg
movieId: NiM13  actor: John Lithgow
movieId: NiM13  actor: John Cullum
movieId: NiM13  actor: Amy Madigan
movieId: NiM13  actor: Bibi Besch
movieId: NiM20  actor: Pierre Brossman
movieId: NiM20  actor: Shashi Kapoor
movieId: NiM20  actor: s a
movieId: NiM20  actor: Saeed Jaffrey
movieId: NiM20  actor: Helena Mitchell
movieId: NiM20  actor: Keith Mitchell
movieId: NiM20  actor: Jalagra
movieId: NiM20  actor: Darip
movieId: NiM20  actor: Kawali Singh
movieId: NiM30  actor: Leonoard Nimoy
movieId: NiM30  actor: William Shatner
movieId: NiM30  actor: Nichelle Nichols
movieId: NiM30  actor: Brock Peters
movieId: NiM30  actor: Nichel Nichols
movieId: NiM30  actor: DeForest Kelley
movieId: NiM30  actor: John Schuck
movieId: NiM30  actor: George Takai
movieId: NiM30  actor: Walter Koenig
movieId: NiM30  actor: Iman
movieId: NiM30  actor: Kurtwood Smith
movieId: NiM30  actor: Christopher Plummer
movieId: NiM30  actor: Kim Cattrall
movieId: NiM30  actor: David Warner
movieId: NiM30  actor: James Doohan
movieId: NiM30  actor: Michael Dorn
movieId: NiM30  actor: s a
movieId: NiM30  actor: Jonathan Frakes
movieId: NiM30  actor: Brent Spiner
movieId: NiP10  actor: none
movieId: NiP10  actor: none
movieId: NiP10  actor: none
movieId: NiP17  actor: Mel Gibson
movieId: NiR1  actor: James Fox
movieId: NiR1  actor: Mick Jagger
movieId: NiR1  actor: Anita Pallenberg
movieId: NiR1  actor: Michele Breton
movieId: NiR2  actor: Jenny Agutter
movieId: NiR2  actor: Lucien John
movieId: NiR2  actor: David Gulpilil
movieId: NiR2  actor: s a
movieId: NiR3  actor: Julie Christie
movieId: NiR3  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: NiR3  actor: Hilary Mason
movieId: NiR3  actor: Sharon Williams
movieId: NiR3  actor: Clelia Mantania
movieId: NiR3  actor: Adelina Poerio
movieId: NiR3  actor: Massimo Serrato
movieId: NiR4  actor: David Bowie
movieId: NiR4  actor: Buck Henry
movieId: NiR4  actor: Candy Clark
movieId: NiR4  actor: Bernie Casey
movieId: NiR4  actor: Rip Torn
movieId: NiR4  actor: Claudia Jennings
movieId: NiR20  actor: Theresa Russel
movieId: NiR30  actor: Theresa Russel
movieId: NiR31  actor: Theresa Russel
movieId: NiR40  actor: Oliver Reed
movieId: NiR40  actor: Amanda Donohue
movieId: NiR42  actor: Theresa Russel
movieId: NiR42  actor: Gary Oldman
movieId: NIs10  actor: Tom Hanks
movieId: NIs10  actor: Adrian Zmed
movieId: NIs10  actor: Tawny Kitaen
movieId: NIs10  actor: William Tepper
movieId: NIs10  actor: George Grizzard
movieId: NIs10  actor: Barbara Stuart
movieId: NIs10  actor: Robert Prescott
movieId: NJ5  actor: Steve McQueen
movieId: NJ5  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: NJ5  actor: AnnMargret
movieId: NJ5  actor: Tuesday Weld
movieId: NJ5  actor: Rip Torn
movieId: NJ5  actor: Karl Malden
movieId: NJ5  actor: Joan Blondell
movieId: NJ6  actor: Carl Reiner
movieId: NJ7  actor: Sidney Poitier
movieId: NJ7  actor: Rod Steiger
movieId: NJ7  actor: Quentin Dean
movieId: NJ7  actor: Lee Grant
movieId: NJ7  actor: Warren Oates
movieId: NJ7  actor: Beah Richards
movieId: NJ7  actor: Scott Wilson
movieId: NJ7  actor: William Schallert
movieId: NJ7  actor: Peter Masterson
movieId: NJ7  actor: Matt Clark
movieId: NJ7  actor: Peter Whitney
movieId: NJ7  actor: James Patterson
movieId: NJ7  actor: Larry Gates
movieId: NJ7  actor: s a
movieId: NJ8  actor: Steve McQueen
movieId: NJ8  actor: Faye Dunaway
movieId: NJ8  actor: Paul Burke
movieId: NJ8  actor: Jack Weston
movieId: NJ8  actor: Yaphet Kotto
movieId: NJ11  actor: Topol
movieId: NJ11  actor: Molly Picon
movieId: NJ11  actor: Leonard Frey
movieId: NJ11  actor: Paul Mann
movieId: NJ11  actor: Rosalind Harris
movieId: NJ11  actor: Norma Crane
movieId: NJ11  actor: Michelle Marsh
movieId: NJ11  actor: Neva Small
movieId: NJ11  actor: Paul Michael Glaser
movieId: NJ11  actor: Candy Bonstein
movieId: NJ11  actor: Zvee Scooler
movieId: NJ11  actor: Louis Zorich
movieId: NJ12  actor: Ted Nealey
movieId: NJ12  actor: Carl Anderson Nealey
movieId: NJ12  actor: Barry Dennen
movieId: NJ12  actor: Yvonne Elliman
movieId: NJ12  actor: Bob Bingham
movieId: NJ12  actor: Josh Mostel
movieId: NJ12  actor: Paul Thoma
movieId: NJ13  actor: James Caan
movieId: NJ13  actor: John Houseman
movieId: NJ13  actor: John Beck
movieId: NJ13  actor: Maud Adams
movieId: NJ14  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: NJ14  actor: Rod Steiger
movieId: NJ14  actor: Peter Boyle
movieId: NJ15  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: NJ15  actor: John Forsythe
movieId: NJ15  actor: Lee Strasberg
movieId: NJ16  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: NJ16  actor: Goldie Hawn
movieId: NJ16  actor: Jessica Tandy
movieId: NJ16  actor: Barnard Hughes
movieId: NJ20  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: NJ20  actor: Anne Bancroft
movieId: NJ20  actor: Meg Tilly
movieId: NJ25  actor: Cher
movieId: NJ25  actor: Nicolas Cage
movieId: NJ25  actor: Olympia Dukakis
movieId: NJ25  actor: Julie Bovasso
movieId: NJ25  actor: Vincent Gardenia
movieId: NJ25  actor: Danny Aiello
movieId: NJ25  actor: John Mahoney
movieId: NJ25  actor: Anita Gillette
movieId: NJ25  actor: Antonia Minelli
movieId: NJ30  actor: Danny deVito
movieId: NJ30  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: NJ30  actor: Penelope Ann Miller
movieId: NJ30  actor: Piper Laurie
movieId: NJ30  actor: s a
movieId: NJ30  actor: s a
movieId: NJ34  actor: Howard E. Rollins~jr.
movieId: NJ34  actor: s a
movieId: NJ34  actor: Adolph Ceasar
movieId: NJ42  actor: Denzel Washington
movieId: NJi10  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: NJi10  actor: William Forsythe
movieId: NJi10  actor: Wesly Snipes
movieId: NJi10  actor: Helen Hunt
movieId: NJi10  actor: Grace Zabriskie
movieId: NJi10  actor: Elizabeth Pena
movieId: NJu3  actor: Ronald Reagan
movieId: NJu3  actor: Dorothy Malone
movieId: NJu9  actor: Allison Hayes
movieId: NJu9  actor: William Hudson
movieId: NJu9  actor: Yvette Vickers
movieId: NJu9  actor: Otto Waldis
movieId: NJu9  actor: Roy Gordon
movieId: NJu10  actor: Ronald Reagan
movieId: NJu10  actor: Nancy Davis
movieId: NJu10  actor: Arthur Franz
movieId: NJu10  actor: Harry Lauter
movieId: NJu10  actor: Selmer Jackson
movieId: NJu10  actor: Admiral Nimitz
movieId: NJu12  actor: Kerwin Matthews
movieId: NJu12  actor: Kathryn Grant
movieId: NJu12  actor: Torin Thatcher
movieId: NJu12  actor: Richard Eyer
movieId: NJu12  actor: s a
movieId: NJu12  actor: s a
movieId: NJu12  actor: s a
movieId: NJu12  actor: s a
movieId: NJu12  actor: s a
movieId: NJu12  actor: s a
movieId: NJu20  actor: Mark Dignum
movieId: NkM10  actor: Patrick Dempsy
movieId: NkM10  actor: Olivia dAbo
movieId: NkM10  actor: Lisa Bonet
movieId: NkM10  actor: Forest Whitaker
movieId: NkM10  actor: Michael Jeter
movieId: NkM10  actor: Judge Reinhold
movieId: NKo15  actor: s a
movieId: NKo25  actor: s a
movieId: NKo25  actor: s a
movieId: NKp10  actor: Pablo Picasso
movieId: NKp12  actor: Bernadette LaFont
movieId: NKp22  actor: s a
movieId: NKp22  actor: s a
movieId: NKp30  actor: Adolph Gance
movieId: NKp40  actor: s a
movieId: NKp40  actor: s a
movieId: NKp40  actor: s a
movieId: NKp40  actor: s a
movieId: NKp40  actor: s a
movieId: NKz10  actor: James Spader
movieId: NKz10  actor: Madchen Amick
movieId: NKz10  actor: Frederic Lehne
movieId: NKz10  actor: Bess Armstrong
movieId: NLB10  actor: Matt Malloy
movieId: NLB10  actor: Stacy Edwards
movieId: NLB10  actor: Aaron Eckhart
movieId: NLB10  actor: Neil LaBute
movieId: NLB11  actor: Amy Brenneman
movieId: NLB11  actor: Aaron Eckhart
movieId: NLB11  actor: Catherine Keener
movieId: NLB11  actor: Ben Stiller
movieId: NLB11  actor: Nastassja Kinski
movieId: NLB11  actor: Jason Patric
movieId: NLB11  actor: Neil LaBute
movieId: NLB12  actor: Renee Zellweger
movieId: NLB12  actor: Morgan Freeman
movieId: NLB12  actor: s a
movieId: NLB12  actor: Chris Rock
movieId: NLB12  actor: Kathleen Wilhoite
movieId: NLB12  actor: Aaron Eckhart
movieId: NLl93  actor: Leslie Neilson
movieId: NLl93  actor: Barry Sullivan
movieId: NLl93  actor: Fay Harrison
movieId: NLl93  actor: Wendell Holmes
movieId: NLl93  actor: Edward Jerom
movieId: NLl94  actor: Art Carney
movieId: NLl94  actor: Doris Llloyd
movieId: NLl94  actor: Robert Bray
movieId: NLl94  actor: Mary Scott
movieId: NLl94  actor: James Westerfield
movieId: NLl94  actor: Karl Davis
movieId: NLl94  actor: George Greico
movieId: NLl94  actor: Dorothea Lord
movieId: NLl94  actor: David Fresco
movieId: NLl95  actor: John McGiver
movieId: NLl95  actor: Peggy Cass
movieId: NLl95  actor: s a
movieId: NLl96  actor: Brian Keith
movieId: NLl96  actor: Leora Dana
movieId: NLl96  actor: William Hansen
movieId: NLl96  actor: Brian G. Hutton
movieId: NLl96  actor: Gordon Wynn
movieId: NLl97  actor: Steve McQueen
movieId: NLl97  actor: Arthur Hill
movieId: NLl97  actor: Tyler McEvey
movieId: NLl97  actor: William Challerel
movieId: NLl97  actor: Anne Anderson
movieId: NLl98  actor: Brian Keith
movieId: NLl98  actor: Joanna Moore
movieId: NLl98  actor: Harris
movieId: NLl98  actor: Dorothy L.
movieId: NLl99  actor: Harry Morgan
movieId: NLl99  actor: Barbara Baxley
movieId: NLl100  actor: Peter Lazer
movieId: NLl100  actor: Steve Dunne
movieId: NLl100  actor: Beatrice Straight
movieId: NLl101  actor: Steve McQueen
movieId: NLl101  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: NLl101  actor: Katherine Squire
movieId: NLl102  actor: John Craven
movieId: NLl102  actor: Barry Gordon
movieId: NLl102  actor: Dennis Patrick
movieId: NLl103  actor: Robert Horton
movieId: NLl103  actor: Vivienne Segal
movieId: NLl103  actor: Anne Francis
movieId: NLl104  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: NLl104  actor: Betty Field
movieId: NLl104  actor: Karl Swanson
movieId: NLl104  actor: Sal Ponti
movieId: NLl104  actor: David Fresco
movieId: NLl104  actor: Rusty Lee
movieId: NLl105  actor: Barry Gordon
movieId: NLl105  actor: Sydney Pollack
movieId: NLl105  actor: Frank Maxwell
movieId: NLl105  actor: Phil Philips
movieId: NLl106  actor: Gary Merrill
movieId: NLl106  actor: Patricia Breslin
movieId: NLl106  actor: David Lewis
movieId: NLl106  actor: Theodore Newton
movieId: NLl106  actor: Dudley Manlove
movieId: NLl106  actor: Maurice Manson
movieId: NLl107  actor: John Fiedler
movieId: NLl107  actor: Crahan Denton
movieId: NLl107  actor: Ron Nicholas
movieId: NLl107  actor: Richard Jaeckel
movieId: NLl107  actor: Myron Healey
movieId: NLl107  actor: William Challee
movieId: NLl107  actor: Joan Dennis
movieId: NLl108  actor: Dick York
movieId: NLl108  actor: Caroline Kearney
movieId: NLl108  actor: Frank Milan
movieId: NLl108  actor: Ted deCorsica
movieId: NLl108  actor: Tom Gillerau
movieId: NLl108  actor: Howard Caine
movieId: NLl108  actor: Bill Quinn
movieId: NLl108  actor: Larry Perron
movieId: NLl108  actor: Roger DeKoven
movieId: NLl108  actor: Keith Bitter
movieId: NLl109  actor: Cecil Parker
movieId: NLl109  actor: Eric Barker
movieId: NLl109  actor: Kay Walsh
movieId: NLl110  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: NLl110  actor: Andrew Prine
movieId: NLl110  actor: Maggie Pierce
movieId: NLl110  actor: Robert Armstrong
movieId: NLl111  actor: David Opatoshu
movieId: NLl111  actor: Adeline Pedroza
movieId: NLl112  actor: Dennis King
movieId: NLl112  actor: George Grizzard
movieId: NLl112  actor: Florence MacMichael
movieId: NLl112  actor: Jeno Mate
movieId: NLl113  actor: Carol Lynley
movieId: NLl113  actor: R.G. Armstrong
movieId: NLl113  actor: Clu Gulager
movieId: NLl114  actor: Pat Buttram
movieId: NLl114  actor: Pat Buttram
movieId: NLl114  actor: Pat Buttram
movieId: NLl114  actor: Collin Wilcox
movieId: NLl114  actor: James Best
movieId: NLl115  actor: Alejandro Rey
movieId: NLl115  actor: Frank Silvera
movieId: NLl115  actor: Pina Pellicier
movieId: NLl115  actor: Larry Domansin
movieId: NlM10  actor: Anna Louise Hessing
movieId: NlM10  actor: Soren Ostegarg
movieId: NlM10  actor: Bithe Neumann
movieId: NlM10  actor: Waage Sando
movieId: NMe10  actor: Lindsay Lohan
movieId: NMe10  actor: Nancy Lohan
movieId: NMe10  actor: Natasha Richardson
movieId: NMe10  actor: Dennis Quaid
movieId: NMe10  actor: Elaine Hendrix
movieId: NMe10  actor: Lisa Ann Walters
movieId: NML1  actor: Groucho Marx
movieId: NML1  actor: Harpo Marx
movieId: NML1  actor: Chico Marx
movieId: NML1  actor: Gummo Marx
movieId: NML1  actor: Zeppo Marx
movieId: NML1  actor: Thelma Todd
movieId: NML2  actor: Groucho Marx
movieId: NML2  actor: Harpo Marx
movieId: NML2  actor: Chico Marx
movieId: NML2  actor: Zeppo Marx
movieId: NML2  actor: Robert Greig
movieId: NML2  actor: Thelma Todd
movieId: NML2  actor: David Landau
movieId: NML2  actor: Nat Pendleton
movieId: NML4  actor: Charlotte Henry
movieId: NML4  actor: W.C. Fields
movieId: NML4  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: NML4  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: NML4  actor: Edward Everett Horton
movieId: NML4  actor: Edna May Oliver
movieId: NML4  actor: Jack Oakie
movieId: NML4  actor: Leon Errol
movieId: NML4  actor: Charles Ruggles
movieId: NML4  actor: May Robson
movieId: NML4  actor: Louise Fazenda
movieId: NML4  actor: Ned Sparks
movieId: NML4  actor: Alison Skipworth
movieId: NML5  actor: W.C. Fields
movieId: NML5  actor: Baby LeRoy
movieId: NML5  actor: Kathleen Howard
movieId: NML5  actor: Jean Rouverol
movieId: NML5  actor: Julian Madison
movieId: NML5  actor: Tommy Bupp
movieId: NML7  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: NML7  actor: Constance Bennett
movieId: NML7  actor: Roland Young
movieId: NML7  actor: Billie Burke
movieId: NML7  actor: Alan Mowbray
movieId: NML7  actor: Eugene Pallette
movieId: NML7  actor: Arthur Lake
movieId: NML10  actor: Constance Bennett
movieId: NML10  actor: Roland Young
movieId: NML10  actor: Asta
movieId: NML10  actor: Billie Burke
movieId: NML10  actor: Alan Mowbray
movieId: NML10  actor: Verree Teasdale
movieId: NML20  actor: Ann Sothern
movieId: NML20  actor: James Craig
movieId: NML20  actor: Jean Rogers
movieId: NML20  actor: Connie Gilchrist
movieId: NML20  actor: John Qualen
movieId: NML20  actor: Kay Medford
movieId: NML20  actor: Jaqueline White
movieId: NML21  actor: Danny Kaye
movieId: NML21  actor: Virginia Mayo
movieId: NML21  actor: VeraEllen
movieId: NML21  actor: Steve Cochran
movieId: NML21  actor: Eve Arden
movieId: NML21  actor: Walter Abel
movieId: NML21  actor: Lionel Stander
movieId: NML21  actor: Fay Bainter
movieId: NML21  actor: Clarence Kolb
movieId: NML21  actor: The Goldwyn Girls
movieId: NML24  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: NML24  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: NML24  actor: Dorothy Lamour
movieId: NML24  actor: Gale Sondergaard
movieId: NML24  actor: Frank Faylen
movieId: NML24  actor: The Wiere Brothers
movieId: NML24  actor: The Andrews~Sisters
movieId: NML26  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: NML26  actor: Jane Russell
movieId: NML26  actor: Robert Armstrong
movieId: NML26  actor: Iris Adrian
movieId: NML26  actor: Robert Watson
movieId: NML26  actor: Clem Bevans
movieId: NML26  actor: Jack Searle
movieId: NML26  actor: Joe Vitale
movieId: NML26  actor: Charles Towbridge
movieId: NML31  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: NML31  actor: Joan Fontaine
movieId: NML31  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: NML31  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: NML31  actor: Audrey Dalton
movieId: NML31  actor: Hugh Marlowe
movieId: NML31  actor: John Carradine
movieId: NML31  actor: Primo Carnera
movieId: NML31  actor: Arnold Moss
movieId: NML31  actor: Lon Chaney~jr.
movieId: NMv1  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: NMv1  actor: Silvana Mangano
movieId: NMv1  actor: Marthe Keller
movieId: NMv1  actor: Elena Sofonova
movieId: NMv1  actor: Pina Cei
movieId: NMv1  actor: Vsevolod Larionov
movieId: NMv8  actor: s a
movieId: NMv8  actor: s a
movieId: NMa10  actor: Curly Joe
movieId: NMa10  actor: Larry
movieId: NMa10  actor: Moe
movieId: NMa10  actor: Joan Freeman
movieId: NMa10  actor: Emil Sitka
movieId: NMa10  actor: Norman Maurer
movieId: NnM10  actor: Nanni Moretti
movieId: NNo1  actor: Paul Farrell
movieId: NNo1  actor: Harry Hutchinson
movieId: NNo1  actor: Tony Quinn
movieId: NNo1  actor: John Loder
movieId: NNo1  actor: John Loder
movieId: NNo2  actor: Doug Chapin
movieId: NNo2  actor: Richard Hatch
movieId: NNo3  actor: Stella Stevens
movieId: NNo3  actor: Jesse White
movieId: NNo3  actor: Andrew Stevens
movieId: NNo3  actor: Stuart Whitman
movieId: NNo3  actor: Lynne Moody
movieId: NNo3  actor: George diCenzo
movieId: NNo3  actor: Jospph dellaSorte
movieId: NNo4  actor: Brian ODell
movieId: NNo5  actor: Tim Matheson
movieId: NNo5  actor: Susan Blakely
movieId: NNo5  actor: Marya Small
movieId: NNo7  actor: Joseph Bottoms
movieId: NNo7  actor: Joey Camen
movieId: NNo7  actor: Bill Forsythe
movieId: NNo7  actor: Deborah vanFalkenburgh
movieId: NNo8  actor: Yvette Mimiieux
movieId: NNo8  actor: M.Emmet Walsh
movieId: NNo11  actor: Catherine Oxenburg
movieId: NNo11  actor: Tom Conti
movieId: NNo11  actor: Ed Begley~jr.
movieId: NNo13  actor: Vanessa Wiliams
movieId: NNo13  actor: Jennifer ONeill
movieId: NNo13  actor: Lisa Hartman
movieId: NNo16  actor: Meredith Baxter
movieId: NNo16  actor: Carrie Hamilton
movieId: NoB3  actor: Anthony Perkins
movieId: NoB3  actor: Tuesday Weld
movieId: NoB3  actor: John Randolph
movieId: NoB3  actor: Beverly Garland
movieId: NoB3  actor: Dick ONeill
movieId: NoB3  actor: Clarice Blackburn
movieId: NoB10  actor: Phoebe Cates
movieId: NoB10  actor: Betsy Russell
movieId: NoB10  actor: Sylvia Kristel
movieId: NoB10  actor: Ray Walston
movieId: NoB10  actor: Matthew Modine
movieId: NoE1  actor: Julie Kavner
movieId: NoE1  actor: Samantha Mathis
movieId: NoE1  actor: Gaby Hoffman
movieId: NoE1  actor: Dan Ackroyd
movieId: NoE1  actor: Carrie Fisher
movieId: NoE1  actor: Bob Nelson
movieId: NoE1  actor: s a
movieId: NoE1  actor: Marita Geraghty
movieId: NoE1  actor: Welker White
movieId: NoE1  actor: Caroline Aaron
movieId: NoE1  actor: Kathy Ann Najimy
movieId: NoE1  actor: Danny Zorn
movieId: NoE1  actor: Joy Behar
movieId: NoE1  actor: Estelle Harris
movieId: NoE1  actor: Sidney Armus
movieId: NoE1  actor: David Eisner
movieId: NoE1  actor: Annie Golden
movieId: NoE1  actor: Tim Blake Nelson
movieId: NoE1  actor: Harvey Miller
movieId: NoE3  actor: Tom Hanks
movieId: NoE3  actor: Ross Malinger
movieId: NoE3  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: NoE3  actor: Bill Pullman
movieId: NoE3  actor: Rosie ODonnell
movieId: NoE3  actor: Rita Wilson
movieId: NoE3  actor: Rob Reiner
movieId: NoE3  actor: Ross Malinge
movieId: NoE3  actor: s a
movieId: NoE5  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: NoE5  actor: Julia Roberts
movieId: NoE5  actor: Whitney Houston
movieId: NoE5  actor: Holly Hunter
movieId: NoE8  actor: Tom Hanks
movieId: NoE8  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: NoE8  actor: Parker Posey
movieId: NoE8  actor: Greg Kinneaer
movieId: NoE8  actor: s a
movieId: NoE8  actor: Steve Zahn
movieId: NoE8  actor: s a
movieId: NoE8  actor: s a
movieId: NoE8  actor: s a
movieId: NoE8  actor: s a
movieId: NoE8  actor: s a
movieId: NoE8  actor: s a
movieId: NoL20  actor: Leslie Banks
movieId: NoL20  actor: Lilli Palmer
movieId: NoL26  actor: Robert Cochran
movieId: NoL26  actor: Henry Oscar
movieId: NoL26  actor: Valerie Hobson
movieId: NoL26  actor: Leslie Perrins
movieId: NoL26  actor: Billy Milton
movieId: NoL26  actor: Hal Gordon
movieId: NoL26  actor: Ronald Simpson
movieId: NoL26  actor: Ralph Ince
movieId: NoM10  actor: Ryan ONeal
movieId: NOs2  actor: s a
movieId: NOs3  actor: s a
movieId: Nos12  actor: s a
movieId: Nos12  actor: s a
movieId: NOs30  actor: Tatsuya Fuji
movieId: NOs30  actor: Eido Matsuda
movieId: NOs35  actor: Tatsuya Fuji
movieId: NOs35  actor: Kazuko Yoshiyuki
movieId: NOs35  actor: Takahiro Tamura
movieId: NoT3  actor: Dean Jones
movieId: NoT3  actor: Suzanne Pleshette
movieId: NoT3  actor: Charles Ruggles
movieId: NoT3  actor: Kelly Thordsen
movieId: NoT3  actor: Parley Baer
movieId: NoT3  actor: Mako
movieId: NoT3  actor: Charles Lane
movieId: NoT5  actor: Fred MacMurray
movieId: NoT5  actor: Tommy Steele
movieId: NoT5  actor: Greer Garson
movieId: NoT5  actor: John Davidson
movieId: NoT5  actor: Gladys Cooper
movieId: NoT5  actor: Lesley Ann Warrnen
movieId: NoT5  actor: Geraldine Page
movieId: NoT5  actor: Hermione Baddeley
movieId: NoT10  actor: Bill Bixby
movieId: NoT10  actor: Susan Clark
movieId: NoT10  actor: Don Knotts
movieId: NoT10  actor: Tim Conway
movieId: NoT10  actor: David Wayne
movieId: NoT10  actor: Slim Pickens
movieId: NoT10  actor: Harry Morgan
movieId: NoT12  actor: Dean Jones
movieId: NoT12  actor: Nancy Olson
movieId: NoT12  actor: Harry Morgan
movieId: NoT12  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: NoT15  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: NoT15  actor: Sandy Duncan
movieId: NoT15  actor: Ken Berry
movieId: NoT15  actor: Harry Morgan
movieId: NoT15  actor: MacLean Stevenson
movieId: NoT15  actor: Ronnie Schell
movieId: NOx20  actor: Lyda Borelli
movieId: NPa3  actor: Danny Kaye
movieId: NPa3  actor: Glynis Johns
movieId: NPa3  actor: Basil rsthbone
movieId: NPa3  actor: Cecil Parker
movieId: NPa3  actor: Mildred Parker
movieId: NPa3  actor: Angela Lansbury
movieId: NPa3  actor: Edward Ashley
movieId: NPa3  actor: Robert Middleton
movieId: NPa3  actor: Michael Pate
movieId: NPa3  actor: Alan Napier
movieId: NPk10  actor: s a
movieId: NPk10  actor: s a
movieId: NPS25  actor: s a
movieId: NR1  actor: Farley Granger
movieId: NR1  actor: Cathy ODonnell
movieId: NR1  actor: Howard daSilva
movieId: NR2  actor: Maureen oHare
movieId: NR2  actor: Melvyn Douglas
movieId: NR2  actor: Gloria Grahame
movieId: NR2  actor: Bill Williams
movieId: NR4  actor: Joan Fontaine
movieId: NR4  actor: Robert Ryan
movieId: NR4  actor: Zachary Scott
movieId: NR4  actor: Joan Leslie
movieId: NR4  actor: Mel Ferrer
movieId: NR4  actor: Harold Vermilyea
movieId: NR4  actor: Virginia Farmer
movieId: NR4  actor: Kathleen Howard
movieId: NR4  actor: Dick Ryan
movieId: NR5  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: NR5  actor: Gloria Grahame
movieId: NR5  actor: Hadda Brooks
movieId: NR5  actor: Frank Lovejoy
movieId: NR5  actor: Carl Benton Reid
movieId: NR5  actor: Art Smith
movieId: NR5  actor: Jeff Dinnell
movieId: NR7  actor: Robert Ryan
movieId: NR7  actor: Ed Begley
movieId: NR7  actor: Ida Lupino
movieId: NR7  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: NR8  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: NR8  actor: Susan Hayward
movieId: NR8  actor: Arthur Kennedy
movieId: NR10  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: NR10  actor: Mercedes McCambridge
movieId: NR10  actor: Sterling Hayden
movieId: NR10  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: NR10  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: NR10  actor: John Carradine
movieId: NR10  actor: Scott Brady
movieId: NR11  actor: James Dean
movieId: NR11  actor: Natalie Wood
movieId: NR11  actor: Sal Mineo
movieId: NR11  actor: Corey Allen
movieId: NR11  actor: Nick Adams
movieId: NR11  actor: Jim Backus
movieId: NR11  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: NR11  actor: Ann Doran
movieId: NR14  actor: Cyd Charisse
movieId: NR14  actor: Lee J. Cobb
movieId: NR14  actor: Robert Taylor
movieId: NR14  actor: John Ireland
movieId: NR19  actor: Jeffrey Hunter
movieId: NR19  actor: Robert Ryan
movieId: NR19  actor: Sibham McKenna
movieId: NR19  actor: Frank Thring
movieId: NR19  actor: Hurd Hatfield
movieId: NR19  actor: Rip Torn
movieId: NR19  actor: Harry Guardino
movieId: NR19  actor: Viveca Lindfors
movieId: NR19  actor: Rita Gam
movieId: NR19  actor: Royal Dano
movieId: NR20  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: NR20  actor: David Niven
movieId: NR20  actor: Ava Gardner
movieId: NR20  actor: Flora Robson
movieId: NR20  actor: Robert Helpman
movieId: NR20  actor: Leo Glenn
movieId: NR20  actor: Paul Lukas
movieId: NR20  actor: John Ireland
movieId: NR20  actor: Harry Andrews
movieId: NR20  actor: Elizabeth Sellars
movieId: NR20  actor: Massimo Serrato
movieId: NR20  actor: Jaques Sernas
movieId: NR20  actor: Geoffrey Bayldon
movieId: NR20  actor: Juzo Itami
movieId: NRe6  actor: Bruce Davison
movieId: NRe6  actor: Mark Lamos
movieId: NRe6  actor: Stephen Caffrey
movieId: NRe6  actor: Canmpell Scott
movieId: NRe6  actor: Dermot Mulroney
movieId: NRe10  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: NRe10  actor: Alec Baldwin
movieId: NRe10  actor: Sydney Walker
movieId: NRe10  actor: Ned Beatty
movieId: NRe10  actor: Patty Duke
movieId: NRe10  actor: Stanley Tucci
movieId: NSg10  actor: Lynn Redgrave
movieId: NSg10  actor: Jean-Pierre Aumont
movieId: NSg10  actor: Lovelady Powell
movieId: NSg10  actor: Nicholas Pryor
movieId: NSg10  actor: Elizabeth Wilson
movieId: NSg10  actor: Tom Poston
movieId: NSi10  actor: Sandy Duncan
movieId: NSm10  actor: Ernest Truex
movieId: NSm10  actor: Florence Bates
movieId: NSm10  actor: Geoge Tobias
movieId: NSm10  actor: George Reeves
movieId: NSv10  actor: Tracy Ullman
movieId: NSv10  actor: Vincent dOnofrio
movieId: NSv10  actor: Lilly Taylor
movieId: NT20  actor: Jackie Cooper
movieId: NT20  actor: Robert Coogan
movieId: NT20  actor: Mitzi Green
movieId: NT20  actor: Jackie Searl
movieId: NT20  actor: Willard Robertson
movieId: NT30  actor: Jackie Coogan
movieId: NT30  actor: Junior Durkin
movieId: NT30  actor: Mitzi Green
movieId: NT30  actor: Jackie Searl
movieId: NT30  actor: Eugene Pallette
movieId: NT31  actor: George M. Cohan
movieId: NT31  actor: George M. Cohan
movieId: NT31  actor: Claudette Colbert
movieId: NT31  actor: Jimmy Durante
movieId: NT31  actor: Alan Mowbray
movieId: NT31  actor: George Barbier
movieId: NT31  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: NT31  actor: Jameson Thomas
movieId: NT31  actor: Paul Hurst
movieId: NT32  actor: Maurice Chevalier
movieId: NT32  actor: Ann Dvorak
movieId: NT32  actor: Edward Everett Horton
movieId: NT32  actor: Minna Gombell
movieId: NT32  actor: Arthur Pierson
movieId: NT32  actor: Jean Miljan
movieId: NT32  actor: Blanche Frederici
movieId: NT32  actor: Nydia Westman
movieId: NT32  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: NT32  actor: Grace Bradley
movieId: NT32  actor: Douglass Dumbrille
movieId: NT32  actor: Casa
movieId: NT36  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: NT36  actor: Carol Lombard
movieId: NT36  actor: George Burns
movieId: NT36  actor: Gracie Allen
movieId: NT36  actor: Leon Errol
movieId: NT36  actor: Ethel Merman
movieId: NT36  actor: Jay Henry
movieId: NT36  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: NT40  actor: Pauline Lord
movieId: NT40  actor: Zasu Pitts
movieId: NT40  actor: W.C. Fields
movieId: NT40  actor: Evelyn Venable
movieId: NT40  actor: Kent Taylor
movieId: NT40  actor: Charles Middleton
movieId: NT40  actor: Donald meek
movieId: NT40  actor: Edith Fellows
movieId: NT40  actor: Virginia Weidler
movieId: NT40  actor: George Breakston
movieId: NT40  actor: Deanna Durbin
movieId: NT44  actor: Jack Oakie
movieId: NT44  actor: George Burns
movieId: NT44  actor: Gracie Allen
movieId: NT44  actor: Henry Wadsworth
movieId: NT44  actor: Wendy Barrie
movieId: NT44  actor: Lyda Roberti
movieId: NT44  actor: C.Henry Gordon
movieId: NT44  actor: Benny Baker
movieId: NT44  actor: Bong Crosby
movieId: NT44  actor: Ethel Merman
movieId: NT44  actor: Richard Tauber
movieId: NT44  actor: Amos'n Andy
movieId: NT44  actor: Mary Boland
movieId: NT44  actor: Charles Ruggles
movieId: NT44  actor: Virginia Weidler
movieId: NT44  actor: Guy Standing
movieId: NT44  actor: Gail Patrick
movieId: NT44  actor: Bill Robinson
movieId: NT44  actor: The Nichols Brothers
movieId: NT44  actor: The Vienna Boys Choir
movieId: NT44  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: NT45  actor: Eddie Cantor
movieId: NT45  actor: Sally Eilers
movieId: NT45  actor: Ethel Merman
movieId: NT45  actor: William Frawley
movieId: NT45  actor: Parkyakarkus
movieId: NT50  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: NT50  actor: Gail Patrick
movieId: NT50  actor: Arthur Treacher
movieId: NT50  actor: Helen Parrish
movieId: NT50  actor: Marcia Mae Jones
movieId: NT50  actor: William Frawley
movieId: NT55  actor: Tommy Kelly
movieId: NT55  actor: May Robson
movieId: NT55  actor: Walter Brennan
movieId: NT55  actor: Victor Jory
movieId: NT55  actor: Victor Killian
movieId: NT55  actor: Jackie Moran
movieId: NT55  actor: Ann Gillis
movieId: NT55  actor: Donald Meek
movieId: NT55  actor: Margaret Hamilton
movieId: NT55  actor: Marcia Mae Jones
movieId: NT60  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: NT60  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: NT60  actor: Henry Hull
movieId: NT60  actor: Gene Reynolds
movieId: NT60  actor: sidney Miller
movieId: NT60  actor: Frankie Thomas
movieId: NT60  actor: Bobs Watson
movieId: NT60  actor: Tommy Noonan
movieId: NT70  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: NT70  actor: Eleanor Powell
movieId: NT70  actor: George Murphy
movieId: NT70  actor: Douglas MacPhail
movieId: NT70  actor: Florence Rice
movieId: NT70  actor: Frank Morgan
movieId: NT70  actor: Ian Hunter
movieId: NT75  actor: Micker Roony
movieId: NT92  actor: Godfrey Teale
movieId: NT92  actor: Hume Cronyn
movieId: NT94  actor: Margaret OBrien
movieId: NT94  actor: Robert Preston
movieId: NT94  actor: Danny Thomas
movieId: NT94  actor: George Murphy
movieId: NT94  actor: Karin Booth
movieId: NT94  actor: Jackie Butch Jenkins
movieId: NT94  actor: Betty Garrett
movieId: NT94  actor: Marian Nixon
movieId: NT105  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: NT105  actor: Betsy Drake
movieId: NT105  actor: Lurene Tuttle
movieId: NT105  actor: Randy Stuart
movieId: NT105  actor: George Winslow
movieId: NT110  actor: Dean Martin
movieId: NT110  actor: Jerry Lewis
movieId: NT110  actor: Janet Leigh
movieId: NT110  actor: Sheree North
movieId: NT110  actor: Edward Arnold
movieId: NT110  actor: Fred Clark
movieId: NT110  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: NT110  actor: s a
movieId: NT120  actor: Debbie Reynolds
movieId: NT120  actor: Eddie Fisher
movieId: NT120  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: NT120  actor: Melville Cooper
movieId: NT120  actor: Tommy Noonan
movieId: NT120  actor: Nita Talbot
movieId: NT120  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: NT120  actor: Robert H. Harris
movieId: NT121  actor: Jane Russell
movieId: NT121  actor: Ralph Meeker
movieId: NT121  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: NT121  actor: Fred Clark
movieId: NT127  actor: Elvis Presley
movieId: NT127  actor: Joan Blackman
movieId: NT127  actor: Nancy Walters
movieId: NT127  actor: Roland Winters
movieId: NT127  actor: Stella Stevens
movieId: NT127  actor: Angela Lansbury
movieId: NT127  actor: John Archer
movieId: NT127  actor: Howard McNear
movieId: NT128  actor: Elvis Presley
movieId: NT128  actor: Stella Stevens
movieId: NT128  actor: Laurel Goodwin
movieId: NT128  actor: s a
movieId: NT128  actor: s a
movieId: NuJ1  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: NuJ1  actor: Broderick Crawford
movieId: NuJ1  actor: Anita Bjork
movieId: NuJ1  actor: Walter Abel
movieId: NuJ1  actor: Rita Gam
movieId: NuJ1  actor: Buddy Ebsen
movieId: NuJ1  actor: Jill Esmond
movieId: NuJ1  actor: Peter vanEyck
movieId: NuJ2  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: NuJ2  actor: Van Heflin
movieId: NuJ2  actor: George Raft
movieId: NuJ2  actor: Gene Tierney
movieId: NuJ2  actor: Peggy Ann Gardner
movieId: NuJ2  actor: Reginald Gardiner
movieId: NuJ2  actor: Virginia Leith
movieId: NuJ2  actor: Otto Kruger
movieId: NuJ2  actor: Hilda Simms
movieId: NuJ2  actor: Cathleen Nesbitt
movieId: NuJ2  actor: Theresa Russel
movieId: NuJ3  actor: Betty Grable
movieId: NuJ3  actor: Sheree North
movieId: NuJ3  actor: Charles Coburn
movieId: NuJ3  actor: Bob Cummings
movieId: NuJ3  actor: Orson Bean
movieId: NuJ3  actor: Fred Clark
movieId: NuJ3  actor: Tommy Noonan
movieId: NuJ4  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: NuJ4  actor: Jennifer Jones
movieId: NuJ4  actor: Fredric March
movieId: NuJ4  actor: Maria Pavan
movieId: NuJ4  actor: Ann Harding
movieId: NuJ4  actor: Lee J. Cobb
movieId: NuJ4  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: NuJ4  actor: Gene Lockhart
movieId: NuJ4  actor: Gigi Perreau
movieId: NuJ4  actor: Portland Mason
movieId: NuJ4  actor: Sandy Descher
movieId: NuJ4  actor: Mickey Maga
movieId: NuJ4  actor: Arthur OConnell
movieId: NuJ4  actor: Henry Daniell
movieId: NuJ4  actor: Connie Gilchrist
movieId: NuJ4  actor: Joseph Sweeney
movieId: NuJ4  actor: Sandy Descher
movieId: NuJ4  actor: Mickey Maga
movieId: NuJ4  actor: Kenneth Tobey
movieId: NuJ4  actor: DeForest Kelly
movieId: NuJ4  actor: Ruth Clifford
movieId: NuJ4  actor: s a
movieId: NuJ4  actor: Roy Glenn
movieId: NuJ4  actor: Phyllis Grafeo
movieId: NuJ4  actor: John Breen
movieId: NuJ4  actor: Geraldine Wall
movieId: NuJ6  actor: Joanne Woodward
movieId: NuJ6  actor: Lee J. Cobb
movieId: NuJ6  actor: David Wayne
movieId: NuJ6  actor: Alistair Cooke
movieId: NuJ7  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: NuJ7  actor: Leslie Caron
movieId: NuJ7  actor: Myron McCormick
movieId: NuJ7  actor: Cesare Danova
movieId: NuJ7  actor: Marcel Dalio
movieId: NuJ7  actor: Conrad Nagel
movieId: NuJ7  actor: Harry Ellerbe
movieId: NyA10  actor: Elena Shakova
movieId: NyA10  actor: Elena Shiffers
movieId: nYo15  actor: Daniel Wu
movieId: nYo15  actor: Stephen Fung
movieId: nYo15  actor: Shu Qi
movieId: nYo15  actor: Terence Yin
movieId: nYo15  actor: Jason Chang
movieId: nYo15  actor: Brigitte Lin
movieId: OKa10  actor: Zuhal Olcay
movieId: OKa10  actor: Fikret Kuskan
movieId: OKa10  actor: Savas Yurttas
movieId: OKa10  actor: Sevda Furdag
movieId: OlA10  actor: Judith Godreche
movieId: OlA10  actor: JeanPierre Leaud
movieId: OlA10  actor: Thomas Langmann
movieId: OlA14  actor: Maggie Cheung
movieId: OlA14  actor: JeanPierre Leaud
movieId: OlA14  actor: Nathalie Richard
movieId: OlA14  actor: s a
movieId: OlA14  actor: s a
movieId: OlA16  actor: Charles Berling
movieId: OlA16  actor: Isabelle Huppert
movieId: OlA16  actor: Emanuelle Beart
movieId: OlH1  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: OlH1  actor: John Huston
movieId: OlH1  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: OlS3  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: OlS9  actor: Charlie Sheen
movieId: OlS12  actor: Michael Douglas
movieId: OlS12  actor: Charlie Sheen
movieId: OlS12  actor: Daryl Hannah
movieId: OlS12  actor: Martin Sheen
movieId: OlS12  actor: Terrence Stamp
movieId: OlS12  actor: Sean Young
movieId: OlS12  actor: sr
movieId: OlS12  actor: Hal Holbrook
movieId: OlS12  actor: Annie McEnroe
movieId: OlS12  actor: Sylvia Miles
movieId: OlS12  actor: Suzen Murakoshi
movieId: OlS12  actor: Monique VanVooren
movieId: OlS15  actor: Tom Cruise
movieId: OlS15  actor: Kyra Sedgewick
movieId: OlS15  actor: Willem Dafoe
movieId: OlS15  actor: s a
movieId: OlS15  actor: Ron Kovic
movieId: OlS15  actor: Paul Abbott
movieId: OlS17  actor: Val Kilmer
movieId: OlS17  actor: Kyle MacLachlan
movieId: OlS17  actor: s a
movieId: OlS17  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: OlS17  actor: Kathlenn Quinlan
movieId: OlS17  actor: Kelly Hu
movieId: OlS18  actor: Kevin Costner
movieId: OlS18  actor: John Kennedy
movieId: OlS18  actor: Tommy Lee Jones
movieId: OlS18  actor: Kevin Bacon
movieId: OlS18  actor: s a
movieId: OlS18  actor: Gary Oldman
movieId: OlS18  actor: s a
movieId: OlS18  actor: Laurie Metcalf
movieId: OlS18  actor: Michael Rooker
movieId: OlS18  actor: Jay O. Sanders
movieId: OlS18  actor: Sissy Spacek
movieId: OlS18  actor: Joe Pesci
movieId: OlS18  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: OlS18  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: OlS20  actor: Tommy Lee Jones
movieId: OlS20  actor: Hiep Thi Le
movieId: OlS20  actor: Debby Reynolds
movieId: OlS20  actor: Joan Chen
movieId: OlS20  actor: Haing S. Ngor
movieId: OlS20  actor: Vivian Wu
movieId: OlS22  actor: Tommy Lee Jones
movieId: OlS22  actor: Quentin Tarantino
movieId: OlS22  actor: Ashley Judd
movieId: OlS23  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: OlS23  actor: Joan Allen
movieId: OlS23  actor: David Hyde Pierce
movieId: OlS23  actor: Ed Harris
movieId: OlS23  actor: Saul Ruben
movieId: OlS23  actor: sa
movieId: OlS23  actor: Annabeth Gish
movieId: OlS23  actor: Paul Sorvino
movieId: OlS23  actor: Tony Lo Bianco
movieId: OlS23  actor: Bob Hoskins
movieId: OlS23  actor: David Paymer
movieId: OlS23  actor: Dan Hedaya
movieId: OlS23  actor: E.G. Marshall
movieId: OlS23  actor: J.T. Walsh
movieId: OlS23  actor: James Woods
movieId: OlS23  actor: Powers Boothe
movieId: OlS23  actor: Mary Steenburgen
movieId: OlS23  actor: Madeline Kahn
movieId: OlS23  actor: Brian Bedford
movieId: OlS23  actor: Kevin Dunn
movieId: OlS23  actor: Fyusdh Finkel
movieId: OlS23  actor: sa
movieId: OlS23  actor: sa
movieId: OlS23  actor: Richard M. Nixon
movieId: OlS23  actor: Ronald Reagan
movieId: OlS23  actor: Bill Clinton
movieId: OlS23  actor: Hillary Clinton
movieId: OlS23  actor: Sam Waterston
movieId: OlS25  actor: Sean Penn
movieId: OlS25  actor: Jennifer Lopez
movieId: OlS25  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: OlS25  actor: Powers Boothe
movieId: OlS25  actor: Claire Danes
movieId: OlS25  actor: Joaquin Phoenix
movieId: OlS25  actor: Billy Bob Thornton
movieId: OlS27  actor: s a
movieId: OP8  actor: Dana Andrews
movieId: OP8  actor: Clifton Webb
movieId: OP8  actor: Gene Tierney
movieId: OP8  actor: Judith Anderson
movieId: OP8  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: OP8  actor: Dorothy Adams
movieId: OP8  actor: James Flavin
movieId: OP8  actor: Vera Caspary
movieId: OP10  actor: Tallulah Bankhead
movieId: OP10  actor: William Eythe
movieId: OP10  actor: Charles Coburn
movieId: OP10  actor: Anne Baxter
movieId: OP10  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: OP10  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: OP10  actor: Mischa Auer
movieId: OP12  actor: Anne Revere
movieId: OP13  actor: Linda Darnell
movieId: OP13  actor: Cornel Wilde
movieId: OP13  actor: Richard Greene
movieId: OP13  actor: George Sanders
movieId: OP13  actor: Ricard Haydn
movieId: OP13  actor: Anne Revere
movieId: OP14  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: OP14  actor: Dana Andrews
movieId: OP14  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: OP15  actor: George Sanders
movieId: OP15  actor: Madeleine Carroll
movieId: OP15  actor: Jeanne Crain
movieId: OP15  actor: Richard Greene
movieId: OP15  actor: Marita Hunt
movieId: OP15  actor: John Sutton
movieId: OP18  actor: Dana Andrews
movieId: OP18  actor: s a
movieId: OP18  actor: Gene Tierney
movieId: OP18  actor: s a
movieId: OP18  actor: Gary Merrill
movieId: OP18  actor: Karl Malden
movieId: OP20  actor: Jean Simmons
movieId: OP20  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: OP20  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: OP20  actor: Barbara ONeil
movieId: OP20  actor: Leon Ames
movieId: OP20  actor: Mona Freeman
movieId: OP20  actor: Kenneth Tobey
movieId: OP20  actor: Raymond Greenleaf
movieId: OP23  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: OP23  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: OP23  actor: Tommy Rettig
movieId: OP23  actor: Roy Calhoun
movieId: OP23  actor: Murvyn Vrye
movieId: OP24  actor: Dorothy Dandridge
movieId: OP24  actor: Marilyn Horne
movieId: OP24  actor: Harry Belafonte
movieId: OP24  actor: LaVerne Hutcherson
movieId: OP24  actor: Pearl Bailey
movieId: OP24  actor: Olga James
movieId: OP24  actor: Roy Glenn
movieId: OP24  actor: Diahann Carroll
movieId: OP24  actor: Brock Peters
movieId: OP24  actor: Joe Adams
movieId: OP24  actor: Carmen deLavallcade
movieId: OP24  actor: Archie Savage
movieId: OP26  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: OP26  actor: Eleanor Parker
movieId: OP26  actor: Kim Novak
movieId: OP26  actor: Darren McGavin
movieId: OP26  actor: Arnold Stang
movieId: OP26  actor: Robert Stauss
movieId: OP26  actor: John Conte
movieId: OP26  actor: Doro Merande
movieId: OP26  actor: George E. Stone
movieId: OP26  actor: Shorty Rogers
movieId: OP26  actor: His Giants
movieId: OP28  actor: Jean Seberg
movieId: OP30  actor: James Stewart
movieId: OP30  actor: Arthur OConnell
movieId: OP30  actor: George C. Scott
movieId: OP30  actor: Lee Remick
movieId: OP30  actor: Ben Gazzarra
movieId: OP30  actor: Eve Arden
movieId: OP30  actor: Joseph L. Welch
movieId: OP30  actor: Kathryn Grant
movieId: OP30  actor: Eve Arden
movieId: OP30  actor: Brooks West
movieId: OP30  actor: Orson Bean
movieId: OP30  actor: Ned Weaver
movieId: OP30  actor: Brooks West
movieId: OP30  actor: John Qualen
movieId: OP30  actor: Jimmy Conlin
movieId: OP30  actor: Royal Beal West
movieId: OP30  actor: Duke Ellington
movieId: OP30  actor: Mrs.~Joseph L. Welch
movieId: OP31  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: OP31  actor: Ralph Richardson
movieId: OP31  actor: Eve Marie Saint
movieId: OP31  actor: Sal Mineo
movieId: OP31  actor: Lee J. Cobb
movieId: OP31  actor: Hugh Griffith
movieId: OP31  actor: Gregory Ratoff
movieId: OP31  actor: Felix Aylmer
movieId: OP31  actor: David Opatoshu
movieId: OP32  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: OP33  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: OP34  actor: John Wayne
movieId: OP40  actor: Liza Minelli
movieId: OP40  actor: Ken Howard
movieId: OP40  actor: Robert moore
movieId: OP40  actor: Kay Thompson
movieId: OP40  actor: James Coco
movieId: OP44  actor: Dyan Cannon
movieId: OP44  actor: Laurence Luckinbill
movieId: OP44  actor: s a
movieId: OP44  actor: James Coco
movieId: OP44  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: OP44  actor: Jennifer ONeill
movieId: OP44  actor: Louise Lasser
movieId: OP44  actor: Ken Howard
movieId: OP44  actor: Sam Levene
movieId: OP44  actor: Nina Foch
movieId: OP44  actor: Rita Gam
movieId: OP44  actor: Nancy Guild
movieId: OP44  actor: William Redfield
movieId: OP50  actor: Nicol Williamson
movieId: OP50  actor: Richard Attenborough
movieId: OP50  actor: Derek Jacobi
movieId: OP50  actor: Robert Morley
movieId: OP50  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: OP50  actor: Ann Todd
movieId: OP50  actor: Richard Vernon
movieId: OP50  actor: Joop Doderer
movieId: OP50  actor: Iman
movieId: OPa1  actor: Laurence Fishburne
movieId: OPa1  actor: Kenneth Branagh
movieId: OPa1  actor: Irene Jacob
movieId: OPa1  actor: Michael Maloney
movieId: OPa1  actor: Nathaniel Parker
movieId: OPa1  actor: Anna Patrick
movieId: OPa1  actor: Gabriele Fezetti
movieId: OPa1  actor: Pier Vaneck
movieId: OPa2  actor: Jeremy Northam
movieId: OPa2  actor: Cate Blanchett
movieId: OPa2  actor: Julianne Moore
movieId: OPa2  actor: Rupert Everett
movieId: OPa2  actor: Minnie Driver
movieId: OPa2  actor: Jeroen Krabbe
movieId: OPa2  actor: John Wood
movieId: OPa2  actor: s a
movieId: OPa2  actor: s a
movieId: OSo10  actor: Helge Jordal
movieId: OSo10  actor: Sverre Anker Ousdal
movieId: OSo10  actor: Hans Ola Sorlie
movieId: OW1  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: OW1  actor: Dorothy Comingore
movieId: OW1  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: OW1  actor: Everett Sloane
movieId: OW1  actor: Ray Collins
movieId: OW1  actor: Paul Stewart
movieId: OW1  actor: Ruth Warrick
movieId: OW1  actor: Erskine Sanford
movieId: OW1  actor: Agnes Moorehead
movieId: OW1  actor: Harry Shannon
movieId: OW1  actor: George Coulouris
movieId: OW1  actor: William Alland
movieId: OW1  actor: Fortunio Bomanova
movieId: OW2  actor: Dolores Costello
movieId: OW2  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: OW2  actor: Agnes Moorehead
movieId: OW2  actor: Tim Holt
movieId: OW2  actor: Anne Baxter
movieId: OW2  actor: Ray Collins
movieId: OW2  actor: Richard Bennett
movieId: OW2  actor: Erskine Sanford
movieId: OW2  actor: Donald Dillaway
movieId: OW2  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: OW3  actor: s a
movieId: OW3  actor: Oliver de Rios
movieId: OW3  actor: Jerome Tata
movieId: OW3  actor: Manuel PretoManuel Preto
movieId: OW3  actor: Manuael Jacare
movieId: OW3  actor: Francesca Moreira de Silva
movieId: OW3  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: OW3  actor: Peter Bogdanovich
movieId: OW4  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: OW4  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: OW4  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: OW4  actor: Phillip Marrivale
movieId: OW4  actor: Richard Long
movieId: OW4  actor: Brian Keith
movieId: OW4  actor: Konstantin Shayne
movieId: OW4  actor: Billy House
movieId: OW5  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: OW5  actor: Rita Hayworth
movieId: OW5  actor: Everett Sloane
movieId: OW5  actor: Glenn Anders
movieId: OW5  actor: Ted deCorsica
movieId: OW5  actor: Erskine Sanford
movieId: OW5  actor: Gus Schilling
movieId: OW6  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: OW6  actor: Jeanette Nolan
movieId: OW6  actor: Dan Oherlihy
movieId: OW6  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: OW6  actor: Edgar Barrier
movieId: OW6  actor: Robert Coote
movieId: OW7  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: OW7  actor: Michael MacLiammoir
movieId: OW7  actor: Fay Compton
movieId: OW7  actor: Robert Cook
movieId: OW7  actor: Suzanne Cloutier
movieId: OW7  actor: Michael Lawrence
movieId: OW8  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: OW9  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: OW9  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: OW9  actor: Janet Leigh
movieId: OW9  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: OW9  actor: Joseph Calleia
movieId: OW9  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: OW9  actor: Mercedes McCambridge
movieId: OW9  actor: Dennis Weaver
movieId: OW9  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: OW9  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: OW9  actor: Ray Collins
movieId: OW9  actor: Zsa Zsa Gabor
movieId: OW10  actor: Anthony Perkins
movieId: OW10  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: OW10  actor: Romy Schneider
movieId: OW10  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: OW10  actor: Fernand Ledoux
movieId: OW10  actor: Elsa Martinelli
movieId: OW10  actor: Jess Hahn
movieId: OW10  actor: Suzanne Flon
movieId: OW10  actor: Madeleine Robinson
movieId: OW10  actor: Michel Lonsdale
movieId: OW10  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: OW11  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: OW11  actor: Keith Baxter
movieId: OW11  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: OW11  actor: Margeret Rutherford
movieId: OW11  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: OW11  actor: Norman Rodway
movieId: OW11  actor: Alan Webb
movieId: OW11  actor: Marina Vlady
movieId: OW11  actor: Tony Beckley
movieId: OW11  actor: Fernado Rey
movieId: OW13  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: OzS10  actor: Richard Pryor
movieId: OzS10  actor: Cicely Tyson
movieId: PAal  actor: Chuck Norris
movieId: PAal  actor: Jennifer ONeill
movieId: PAal  actor: Clu Gulager
movieId: PAal  actor: Ron ONeal
movieId: PAal  actor: Bill Wallace
movieId: PaB10  actor: Maxwell Caulfield
movieId: PaB10  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: PaB10  actor: Adrian Zmed
movieId: PaB10  actor: Eve Arden
movieId: PaB10  actor: Lorna Luft
movieId: PaB10  actor: Sid Caesar
movieId: PaB10  actor: Tab Hunter
movieId: PaB10  actor: Connie Stevens
movieId: PaC10  actor: Charlotte Rampling
movieId: PaC20  actor: Isabelle Adjani
movieId: PaC20  actor: JeanHugues Anglade
movieId: PaC20  actor: Virna Lisi
movieId: PaC20  actor: Daniel Auteuil
movieId: PaC24  actor: JeanLouis Trintignant
movieId: PaC24  actor: Vincent Perez
movieId: PAd1  actor: Eva Mattes
movieId: PAd1  actor: J\"urgen Arndt
movieId: PAd2  actor: Marianne Sagebrecht
movieId: PAd3  actor: Lena Stolze
movieId: PAd4  actor: Lena Stolze
movieId: PAd13  actor: Marianne Sagebrecht
movieId: PAd13  actor: C.C.H. Pounder
movieId: PAd13  actor: Jack Palence
movieId: PAd13  actor: Monica Calhoun
movieId: PAd13  actor: Georges Aquilon
movieId: PAd13  actor: Darron Flagg
movieId: PAd13  actor: G.Smokey Carpbod
movieId: PAd13  actor: Ronald Lee Jarro
movieId: PAd13  actor: Alan S. Craig
movieId: PAd13  actor: Christine Kaufmann
movieId: PAd14  actor: Marianne Sagebrecht
movieId: PAd17  actor: kd. Laing
movieId: PAd17  actor: Rosel Zech
movieId: PAd17  actor: Chuck Connors
movieId: PaF10  actor: Martin Short
movieId: PaF10  actor: Charles Grodin
movieId: PaF10  actor: Mary Steenbugen
movieId: PaF10  actor: Dabney Coleman
movieId: PaH50  actor: George MacReady
movieId: PaH50  actor: Dick York
movieId: PaH50  actor: Kathleen McGuire
movieId: PaH50  actor: George McReady
movieId: PaH50  actor: Kathleen Hughes
movieId: PaH50  actor: Tracy Morgan
movieId: PaH50  actor: Michael Kahn
movieId: PaH50  actor: Russell Johnson
movieId: PaH50  actor: Paul Lambert
movieId: PaH50  actor: George Breslin
movieId: PaH50  actor: Betty Woods
movieId: PaH50  actor: Roy Damour
movieId: PaH51  actor: Barbara Cook
movieId: PaH51  actor: Vic Morrow
movieId: PaH51  actor: s a
movieId: PaH52  actor: Don Taylor
movieId: PaH52  actor: Pat Hitchcock
movieId: PaH53  actor: Steven Hill
movieId: PaH53  actor: Steve Brodie
movieId: PaH53  actor: Jean Hagen
movieId: PaH54  actor: Harry Guardino
movieId: PaH54  actor: Hugh Marlowe
movieId: PaH54  actor: Cara Williams
movieId: PaH54  actor: Karin Booth
movieId: PaH54  actor: Jenifer Lea
movieId: PaH54  actor: Milo Ross
movieId: PaH54  actor: Fred Kruger
movieId: PaH54  actor: Robert Carson
movieId: PaH54  actor: Robin Morse
movieId: PaH55  actor: George Peppard
movieId: PaH55  actor: Mary Scott
movieId: PaH55  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: PaH55  actor: Isobel Epsom
movieId: PaH55  actor: John Verros
movieId: PaH60  actor: Norma Eberhardt
movieId: PaH60  actor: Mary Murphy
movieId: PaH60  actor: Mike Connors
movieId: PaH60  actor: Troy Donahue
movieId: PaH60  actor: Dorothy Provine
movieId: PaH61  actor: Mara Corday
movieId: PaH61  actor: Lita Malin
movieId: PaH61  actor: Abby Dalton
movieId: PaH61  actor: Mark Richman
movieId: PaH61  actor: Barbara Bostock
movieId: PaH106  actor: Scott McKay
movieId: PaH106  actor: Joan Tetzel
movieId: PaH106  actor: Richard Sheppard
movieId: PaH107  actor: Kathryn Bard
movieId: PaH107  actor: James Best
movieId: PaH107  actor: Steve Brodie
movieId: PaH108  actor: Hume Cronyn
movieId: PaH108  actor: Doris Lloyd
movieId: PaH108  actor: Valerie Cossart
movieId: PaH108  actor: Robert Douglas
movieId: PaH109  actor: Richard Kiley
movieId: PaH109  actor: Pat Breslin
movieId: PaH109  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: PaH110  actor: Joe Maross
movieId: PaH110  actor: Wayne Morris
movieId: PaH111  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: PaH111  actor: James Congdon
movieId: PaH111  actor: Frank Albertson
movieId: PaH111  actor: Arthur Marshall
movieId: PaH113  actor: John McInire
movieId: PaH113  actor: Suzanne Pleshette
movieId: PaH113  actor: Robert Morse
movieId: PaH113  actor: Read Morgan
movieId: PaH113  actor: Paul E. Burns
movieId: PaH114  actor: Brian Keith
movieId: PaH114  actor: James Westerfield
movieId: PaH114  actor: James K. Best
movieId: PaH114  actor: Frank Mitchell
movieId: PaH114  actor: Liam Sullivan
movieId: PaH114  actor: Sal Porto
movieId: PaH114  actor: James Westerfield
movieId: PaH114  actor: Frank Maxwell
movieId: PaH115  actor: Robert Bray
movieId: PaH115  actor: Bob Sweeney
movieId: PaH116  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: PaH116  actor: Jan Sterling
movieId: PaH116  actor: Dennis Patrick
movieId: PaH116  actor: John Craven
movieId: PaH116  actor: Jack Liveey
movieId: PaH116  actor: Ronnie R. Randall
movieId: PaH117  actor: Dean Stockwell
movieId: PaH117  actor: Patricia Collinge
movieId: PaH117  actor: Laurie Main
movieId: PaH117  actor: George Pelling
movieId: PaH117  actor: Barry Harvey
movieId: PaH117  actor: Burt Mustin
movieId: PaH117  actor: Jill Livesey
movieId: PaH118  actor: Larry Gates
movieId: PaH118  actor: Myron McCormick
movieId: PaH118  actor: Bert Convy
movieId: PaH118  actor: Edward Platt
movieId: PaH119  actor: Polly Bergen
movieId: PaH119  actor: Joe Maross
movieId: PaH120  actor: George Nader
movieId: PaH120  actor: Audrey Totter
movieId: PaH121  actor: Leslie Neilsen
movieId: PaH121  actor: Bernard Katz
movieId: PaH121  actor: Harold Stone
movieId: PaH122  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: PaH122  actor: Glenn Cannon
movieId: PaH122  actor: Tom Begley
movieId: PaH122  actor: Carol Grace
movieId: PaH122  actor: Bernard Fein
movieId: PaH122  actor: Robert Reese
movieId: PaH122  actor: George Kane
movieId: PaH122  actor: Susan Beggs
movieId: PaH123  actor: Richard Conte
movieId: PaH123  actor: Sarah Shane
movieId: PaH123  actor: Richard Carlyle
movieId: PaH123  actor: Stacy Harris
movieId: PaH123  actor: John Anderson
movieId: PaH124  actor: Steve Dunne
movieId: PaH124  actor: Hugh Marlowe
movieId: PaH124  actor: s a
movieId: PaH125  actor: Gene Evans
movieId: PaH125  actor: Carmen Mathews
movieId: PaH126  actor: R.G. Armstrong
movieId: PaH126  actor: Adam Williams
movieId: PaH126  actor: Ed Asner
movieId: PaH127  actor: Paul Comi
movieId: PaH127  actor: Ann Gardner
movieId: PaH127  actor: John Lupton
movieId: PaH128  actor: Dean Stockwell
movieId: PaH128  actor: Susan oliver
movieId: PaH128  actor: sa
movieId: PaH215  actor: Ray Charles
movieId: PaH215  actor: Tom Bell
movieId: PaH215  actor: Mary Peach
movieId: PaH215  actor: Dawn Addams
movieId: PaJ10  actor: Nancy Davis
movieId: PaJ10  actor: s a
movieId: PaJ10  actor: Zachary Scott
movieId: PaJ10  actor: Ann Sothern
movieId: PaJ10  actor: John McIntire
movieId: PaJ10  actor: Jimmy Hunt
movieId: PaJ10  actor: Barbara Billingsley
movieId: PaJ60  actor: Michael Jackson
movieId: PAl1  actor: Carmen Maura
movieId: PAl1  actor: s a
movieId: PAl1  actor: Eva Siva
movieId: PAl1  actor: Olvido Gara
movieId: PAl4  actor: Antonio Banderos
movieId: PAl4  actor: Assumpta Serna
movieId: PAl4  actor: Pedro Almodovar
movieId: PAl6  actor: Carmen Maura
movieId: PAl6  actor: Eusebio Poncela
movieId: PAl6  actor: Antonio Banderas
movieId: PAl6  actor: Miguel Molina
movieId: PAl6  actor: Manuela Velasco
movieId: PAl6  actor: Bibi Andersen
movieId: PAl8  actor: Carmen Maura
movieId: PAl10  actor: Carmen Maura
movieId: PAl10  actor: Fernando Guill\'en
movieId: PAl10  actor: Julietta Serrano
movieId: PAl10  actor: Kiti Manver
movieId: PAl10  actor: Rossy dePalma
movieId: PAl10  actor: Maria Barranco
movieId: PAl10  actor: Antonio Banderas
movieId: PAl12  actor: Antonio Banderas
movieId: PAl12  actor: Victoria Abril
movieId: PAl12  actor: Francisco Rabal
movieId: PAl12  actor: Loles Leon
movieId: PAl12  actor: Lola Cordona
movieId: PAl12  actor: s a
movieId: PAl12  actor: s a
movieId: PAl14  actor: Marisa Paredes
movieId: PAl14  actor: Victoria Abril
movieId: PAl14  actor: Feodor Atkine
movieId: PAl14  actor: Miguel Bosd\'e
movieId: PAl14  actor: Mairata Obsiedo
movieId: PAl14  actor: s a
movieId: PAl16  actor: Veronica Forque
movieId: PAl16  actor: Victoria Abril
movieId: PAl16  actor: Peter Coyote
movieId: PAl16  actor: s a
movieId: PAl16  actor: s a
movieId: PAl16  actor: Rossy dePalma
movieId: PAl16  actor: Alex Casanovas
movieId: PAl18  actor: Marisa Parades
movieId: PAl18  actor: Imanuel Arias
movieId: PAl18  actor: Roissy de Palma
movieId: PAl18  actor: Chus Lampreave
movieId: PAl18  actor: Juan Echanove
movieId: PAl20  actor: Francesca Neri
movieId: PAl20  actor: Liberto Rabal
movieId: PAl20  actor: Javier Barden
movieId: PAl20  actor: Pepe Sancho
movieId: PAl21  actor: Cecilia Roth
movieId: PAl21  actor: Maria Paredes
movieId: PAl21  actor: Candela Pena
movieId: PAl21  actor: Antonia SanJuan
movieId: PAl21  actor: Penelope Cruz
movieId: PaM10  actor: Heather Angel
movieId: PaM10  actor: Ralph Morgan
movieId: PaM10  actor: Norman Foster
movieId: PaM10  actor: Herbert Mundin
movieId: PaM10  actor: Una OConnor
movieId: PaM10  actor: Irene Ware
movieId: PaM10  actor: Dorothy Burgess
movieId: PAn10  actor: Dennis Quaid
movieId: PAn10  actor: s a
movieId: PaP2  actor: s a
movieId: PaP10  actor: Anna Magnani
movieId: PaP10  actor: Ettore Garofolo
movieId: PaP10  actor: Franco Citti
movieId: PaP15  actor: Enrique Irazoqui
movieId: PaP15  actor: Susanna Pasolini
movieId: PaP15  actor: Mario Socrate
movieId: PaP19  actor: Franco Citti
movieId: PaP19  actor: Silvana Mangano
movieId: PaP20  actor: Terence Stamp
movieId: PaP25  actor: Maria Callas
movieId: PaP25  actor: s a
movieId: PAR10  actor: Ray Liotta
movieId: PAR10  actor: Kevin Costner
movieId: PAR10  actor: Amy Madigan
movieId: PAR10  actor: Gaby Hoffman
movieId: PAR10  actor: Dwier Brown
movieId: PAR10  actor: James Earl Jones
movieId: PAR10  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: PAR14  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: PAR14  actor: Sidney Poitier
movieId: PAR14  actor: River Phoenix
movieId: PAR14  actor: Dan Aykroyd
movieId: PAR14  actor: David Strathairn
movieId: PAR14  actor: Mary McDonnell
movieId: PAR14  actor: Ben Kingsley
movieId: PaS10  actor: Michael E
movieId: PaS10  actor: s a
movieId: PaS10  actor: s a
movieId: PaS10  actor: s a
movieId: PaS10  actor: s a
movieId: PAu10  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: PAu10  actor: Mira Sorvino
movieId: PAu10  actor: Willem Dafoe
movieId: PaW14  actor: Dadon
movieId: PaW14  actor: s a
movieId: PB1  actor: Richard Farnsworth
movieId: PB1  actor: Jackie Burroughs
movieId: PB1  actor: Wayne Robson
movieId: PB10  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: PB10  actor: Helen Mirren
movieId: PB10  actor: Anouk Aimee
movieId: PB12  actor: Jesse Bradshaw
movieId: PB12  actor: Mimi Rogers
movieId: PB12  actor: Bruce Davidson
movieId: PB12  actor: Tom Bower
movieId: PBa1  actor: Ann Ruymen
movieId: PBa1  actor: Stanley Livingston
movieId: PBa1  actor: John Ventantonio
movieId: PBa1  actor: Lucille Benson
movieId: PBa3  actor: David Carradine
movieId: PBa3  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: PBa3  actor: Simone Griffith
movieId: PBa3  actor: Mary Woronov
movieId: PBa3  actor: Roger Corman
movieId: PBa4  actor: David Carradine
movieId: PBa4  actor: Bill McKinney
movieId: PBa4  actor: Veronica Hamel
movieId: PBa4  actor: Robert Carradine
movieId: PBa4  actor: Judy Canova
movieId: PBa4  actor: Roger Corman
movieId: PBa4  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: PBa4  actor: Martin Scorsese
movieId: PBa6  actor: Paul Bartel
movieId: PBa6  actor: Mary Woronov
movieId: PBa6  actor: Richard Beltran
movieId: PBa8  actor: Divine
movieId: PBa8  actor: Lainie Kazan
movieId: PBa8  actor: Tab Hunter
movieId: PBa8  actor: Geoffrey Lewis
movieId: PBa8  actor: Henry Silva
movieId: PBa8  actor: Cesar Romero
movieId: PBa8  actor: Woody Strode
movieId: PBa9  actor: Jaqueline Bisset
movieId: PBa9  actor: Mary Woronov
movieId: PBa9  actor: Ray Sharkey
movieId: PBa9  actor: Robert Beltran
movieId: PBa9  actor: Wallace Shawn
movieId: PBa9  actor: Rebecca Shaeffer
movieId: PBa12  actor: OLan Jones
movieId: PBa12  actor: Andrea Stein
movieId: PBa12  actor: Jim Turner
movieId: PBa12  actor: Jim Turner
movieId: PBa12  actor: s a
movieId: PBe10  actor: Jeremy Piven
movieId: PBe10  actor: Christian Slater
movieId: PBe10  actor: Leland Orser
movieId: PBe10  actor: Daniel Stern
movieId: PBe10  actor: Jon Favreau
movieId: PBe10  actor: Cameron Diaz
movieId: PBi10  actor: Michel Simon
movieId: PBi10  actor: Madeleine Solange
movieId: PBi10  actor: Georges Marchal
movieId: PBm1  actor: Tom Cruise
movieId: PBm1  actor: Rebecca deMorney
movieId: PBm1  actor: Joe Pantolino
movieId: PBm1  actor: Richard Masur
movieId: PBm1  actor: Bronson Pinchot
movieId: PBm1  actor: Curtis Armstrong
movieId: PBm1  actor: Shera Danese
movieId: PBm1  actor: Nicholas Pryor
movieId: PBm1  actor: Janet Carroll
movieId: PBm1  actor: Raphael Sbarge
movieId: PBm1  actor: Bruce A. Young
movieId: PBm1  actor: Kevin Anderson
movieId: PBm1  actor: Sarah Partridge
movieId: PBm2  actor: Steve Tisch
movieId: PBm2  actor: Jessica Lange
movieId: PBm2  actor: Chris ODonnell
movieId: PBm2  actor: Charlie Korsmo
movieId: PBm2  actor: Arliss Howard
movieId: PBm2  actor: Joan Cusack
movieId: PBo2  actor: Tim OKelley
movieId: PBo2  actor: Peter Bogdanovich
movieId: PBo2  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: PBo2  actor: Nancy Hsueh
movieId: PBo2  actor: Sandy Baron
movieId: PBo2  actor: Mike Farrell
movieId: PBo2  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: PBo2  actor: Dick Miller
movieId: PBo3  actor: Timothy Bottoms
movieId: PBo3  actor: Jeff Bridges
movieId: PBo3  actor: Cybill Shepherd
movieId: PBo3  actor: Ben Johnson
movieId: PBo3  actor: Cloris Leachman
movieId: PBo3  actor: Ellen Bursteyn
movieId: PBo3  actor: Sharon Taggart
movieId: PBo3  actor: Jessie Lee Fulton
movieId: PBo3  actor: Bill Thurman
movieId: PBo3  actor: Gary Brockette
movieId: PBo3  actor: Sam Bottoms
movieId: PBo5  actor: Barbra Streisand
movieId: PBo5  actor: Ryan ONeal
movieId: PBo5  actor: Kenneth Mars
movieId: PBo5  actor: Austin Pendleton
movieId: PBo5  actor: Madeleine Kahn
movieId: PBo6  actor: Ryan ONeal
movieId: PBo6  actor: Tatum ONeal
movieId: PBo6  actor: Madeleine Kahn
movieId: PBo6  actor: John Hillerman
movieId: PBo6  actor: Randy Quaid
movieId: PBo9  actor: Ryan ONeal
movieId: PBo9  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: PBo9  actor: Tatum ONeal
movieId: PBo9  actor: Brian Keith
movieId: PBo9  actor: Stella Stevens
movieId: PBo9  actor: John Ritter
movieId: PBo9  actor: Jane Hitchcock
movieId: PBo9  actor: D.W. Griffith
movieId: PBo11  actor: Ben Gazzara
movieId: PBo11  actor: Audrey Hepburn
movieId: PBo11  actor: John Ritter
movieId: PBo11  actor: Dorothy Stratten
movieId: PBo11  actor: Colleen Camp
movieId: PBo11  actor: Blaine Novak
movieId: PBo11  actor: Patti Hansen
movieId: PBo11  actor: George Morfogan
movieId: PBo11  actor: Blaine Novak
movieId: PBo15  actor: Cher
movieId: PBo15  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: PBo15  actor: Estelle Getty
movieId: PBo20  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: PBo20  actor: Carol Burnett
movieId: PBo20  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: PBo20  actor: Marilu Henner
movieId: PBo20  actor: Julie Hagerty
movieId: PBo20  actor: Christopher Reeve
movieId: PBo22  actor: River Phoenix
movieId: PBz10  actor: Gabe Kaplan
movieId: PBz10  actor: Alex Karras
movieId: PBz10  actor: Robert Klein
movieId: PBz10  actor: Susan Clark
movieId: PCa10  actor: Robert Carlyle
movieId: PCa10  actor: Mark Addy
movieId: PCa10  actor: Tom Wilknson
movieId: PCa10  actor: Steve Huison
movieId: PCa10  actor: Hugo Speer
movieId: PCa10  actor: Paul Barber
movieId: PCa10  actor: Emily Woof
movieId: PCa10  actor: William Shappe
movieId: PCa10  actor: Lesley Sharpe
movieId: PCa10  actor: Deidre Costello
movieId: PCh10  actor: Adrian Dunbar
movieId: PCh10  actor: Ned Beatty
movieId: PCh10  actor: Shirley Ann Field
movieId: PCh15  actor: Kieran Culkin
movieId: PCh15  actor: Eldon Henson
movieId: PCh15  actor: Sharon Stone
movieId: PCh15  actor: Gena Rowlands
movieId: PCh15  actor: Harry Dean Stanton
movieId: PCo11  actor: Oliver Reed
movieId: PCo11  actor: Richard Attenborough
movieId: PCo11  actor: Elke Sommer
movieId: PCo11  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: PCo11  actor: Gert Froebe
movieId: PCo11  actor: Stephane Audran
movieId: PCo11  actor: Charles Aznavour
movieId: PCo11  actor: Adolfo Celi
movieId: PCo11  actor: Alberto deMendoza
movieId: PCo11  actor: Maria Rohm
movieId: PCo12  actor: Jaqueline Bisset
movieId: PCo12  actor: Christopher Plummer
movieId: PCo12  actor: Sam Wanamaker
movieId: PCo12  actor: Mildred Dunnock
movieId: PCo12  actor: Gayle Hunnicutt
movieId: PCo12  actor: Sheila Brennan
movieId: PCo12  actor: Elaine Stritch
movieId: PCo12  actor: John Roanne
movieId: PCo12  actor: John Phillip Law
movieId: PCo17  actor: William Holden
movieId: PCo17  actor: Ricky Schroder
movieId: PCr8  actor: Stewart Granger
movieId: PCr8  actor: Bernard Fox
movieId: PCr8  actor: William Shatner
movieId: PCr8  actor: John Williams
movieId: PCr8  actor: Anthony Zerbe
movieId: PCx25  actor: Chris Haywood
movieId: PCx25  actor: Gosia Dobrowolska
movieId: PCx25  actor: s a
movieId: PCx28  actor: Aden Young
movieId: PCx28  actor: Beth Champion
movieId: PCx28  actor: Claudia Karvan
movieId: PCx29  actor: Gosia Dobrowolska
movieId: PCx29  actor: Claudia Karvan
movieId: PCx29  actor: Chris Haywood
movieId: PCz15  actor: Elisabeth Bergner
movieId: PCz25  actor: Elisabeth Bergner
movieId: PCz25  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: PCz25  actor: Sophie Stewart
movieId: PCz25  actor: Leon Quartermaine
movieId: PCz25  actor: Henry Ainley
movieId: PCz25  actor: Richard Ainley
movieId: PCz25  actor: Felix Aylmer
movieId: PCz25  actor: Mackenzie Ward
movieId: PCz25  actor: Aubrey Mather
movieId: PCz25  actor: John Laurie
movieId: PCz25  actor: Peter Bull
movieId: PCz30  actor: Elisabeth Bergner
movieId: PCz30  actor: Romney Brent
movieId: PCz30  actor: Raymond Massey
movieId: PCz30  actor: Joyce Bland
movieId: PCz30  actor: Sidney Fairbrother
movieId: PCz30  actor: Felix Aylmer
movieId: PCz30  actor: Donald Calthrop
movieId: PDe10  actor: Robin Wright
movieId: PDe10  actor: Morgan Freeman
movieId: PDe10  actor: Stockard Channing
movieId: PDe10  actor: John Lynch
movieId: PDe10  actor: Brenda Fricker
movieId: PdB3  actor: JeanPaul Belmondo
movieId: PdB3  actor: Claudia Cardinale
movieId: PdB3  actor: Odile Versois
movieId: PdB3  actor: Marcel Dalio
movieId: PdB3  actor: Philippe Lemaire
movieId: PdB3  actor: Jean Rochefort
movieId: PdB6  actor: JeanPaul Belmondo
movieId: PdB6  actor: Francois Dorleac
movieId: PdB10  actor: Alan Bates
movieId: PdB10  actor: Genevieve Bujold
movieId: PdB30  actor: Sophie Marceau
movieId: PDc10  actor: Judy Davis
movieId: PDc10  actor: F.Murray Abraham
movieId: PDc10  actor: Geoffrey Rush
movieId: PDc10  actor: s a
movieId: PDu3  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: PDu3  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: PDu3  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: PDu3  actor: Chloe Frank
movieId: PDu3  actor: Nyree Dawn Porter
movieId: PDu3  actor: Michael Pertwee
movieId: PDu3  actor: Ingrid Pitt
movieId: PDu10  actor: Elizabeth Edmonds
movieId: PDu10  actor: Sue Wallace
movieId: PDu10  actor: Geraldine Griffeth
movieId: PDu10  actor: Karen Meagher
movieId: PDu10  actor: Ron Bain
movieId: PDu10  actor: Alun Lewis
movieId: PeB1  actor: Lawrence Olivier
movieId: PeB4  actor: Patrick Magee
movieId: PeB6  actor: Paul Scofield
movieId: PeB6  actor: Irene Worth
movieId: PeB6  actor: Alan Webb
movieId: PeB6  actor: Tom Fleming
movieId: PeB6  actor: Susan Engel
movieId: PeB6  actor: Cyril Cusack
movieId: PeB6  actor: Patrick Macgee
movieId: PeB6  actor: Jack MacGowran
movieId: PeB10  actor: Robert LangdonLloyd
movieId: PeB10  actor: Miriam Goldschmidt
movieId: PeB10  actor: Antonin StahlyVishwanathan
movieId: PeB10  actor: Mamadou Diome
movieId: PeC10  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: PeC10  actor: Christopher Plummer
movieId: PeC10  actor: Beverly D'Angelo
movieId: PeG3  actor: Geraldine Page
movieId: PeG3  actor: Laurence Harvey
movieId: PeG3  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: PeG3  actor: John McIntire
movieId: PeG3  actor: Rita Moreno
movieId: PeG3  actor: Malcolm Atterbury
movieId: PeG3  actor: Pamela Tiffin
movieId: PeG3  actor: Lee Patrick
movieId: PeG3  actor: Earl Holliman
movieId: PeG3  actor: Thomas Gomez
movieId: PeG5  actor: Richard Burton
movieId: PeG5  actor: Peter OToole
movieId: PeG5  actor: Donald Wolfit
movieId: PeG5  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: PeG5  actor: Martita Hunt
movieId: PeG5  actor: Pamela Brown
movieId: PeG5  actor: Sian Phillips
movieId: PeG5  actor: Paolo Stoppa
movieId: PeG6  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: PeG6  actor: Gina Lollobrigida
movieId: PeG6  actor: Robert Morley
movieId: PeG6  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: PeG6  actor: Peggy Mount
movieId: PeJ10  actor: s a
movieId: PeJ20  actor: Elijah Wood
movieId: PeJ20  actor: Ian McKellen
movieId: PeJ20  actor: Ian Holm
movieId: PeJ20  actor: Viggo Mortensen
movieId: PeJ20  actor: Sean Bean
movieId: PeJ20  actor: Cate Blanchett
movieId: PeK10  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: PeL10  actor: sa
movieId: PeL10  actor: sa
movieId: PeL10  actor: sa
movieId: PeL10  actor: sa
movieId: PeL10  actor: Paul Daniels
movieId: PeL10  actor: sa
movieId: PeL10  actor: sa
movieId: PeM1  actor: Martin Sheen
movieId: PeM1  actor: Lea Thompson
movieId: PeM1  actor: Emelio Estavan
movieId: PeM10  actor: Shannon Tweed
movieId: PeM10  actor: Patrick Houser
movieId: PeM10  actor: David Naughton
movieId: PeM10  actor: Tracy Smith
movieId: PeM20  actor: Marg Helgenberger
movieId: PeM20  actor: Rixhard Dean Anderson
movieId: PeM20  actor: Tippi Hedren
movieId: PeM20  actor: s a
movieId: PeM20  actor: s a
movieId: PeM20  actor: s a
movieId: PeS3  actor: Ingrid Pitt
movieId: PeS3  actor: Nigel Green
movieId: PeS3  actor: Sandor Eles
movieId: PeS3  actor: Maurice Denham
movieId: PeS3  actor: Patience Collier
movieId: PeS3  actor: Peter Jeffrey
movieId: PeS3  actor: LesleyAnne Down
movieId: PeS5  actor: Angharad Rees
movieId: PeS5  actor: Eric Porter
movieId: PeS5  actor: Dora Bryan
movieId: PeS5  actor: Jane Merrow
movieId: PeS5  actor: Derek Godfrey
movieId: PeS10  actor: Pia Zadora
movieId: PeS10  actor: Lloyd Bochner
movieId: PeS10  actor: Bibi Besch
movieId: PeS10  actor: Joseph Cali
movieId: PeS10  actor: Anthony Holland
movieId: PEt10  actor: Pierre Etaix
movieId: PEt10  actor: Loriot
movieId: PEt10  actor: Non Zammit
movieId: PFa1  actor: Paul Hogan
movieId: PFa1  actor: Linda Koslowski
movieId: PFa1  actor: John Meillon
movieId: PFa1  actor: Mark Blum
movieId: PFa10  actor: Ed ONeill
movieId: PFa10  actor: E-than Randall
movieId: PFa10  actor: Christen McDonald
movieId: PFa10  actor: Ari Megro
movieId: PFa10  actor: C.D. Daley
movieId: PFa10  actor: Kathleen Freeman
movieId: PFa10  actor: Jobeth Williams
movieId: PFC10  actor: Senta Berger
movieId: PFC10  actor: Frank Wolff
movieId: PFo10  actor: Bartalomeo Pagano
movieId: PFo15  actor: Pina Menichelli
movieId: PFo15  actor: Febo Mari
movieId: PFo20  actor: Pina Menichelli
movieId: PFo20  actor: Alberto Nepoti
movieId: PFo20  actor: Febo Mari
movieId: PFo20  actor: Valentina Frascaroli
movieId: PFo20  actor: Gabriel Moreau
movieId: PFo20  actor: Ernesto Vaser
movieId: PFo20  actor: Enrico Gemelli
movieId: PFo25  actor: Pina Menichelli
movieId: PFr10  actor: Jim Carrey
movieId: PFr10  actor: Jeff Daniels
movieId: PFr10  actor: Lauren Holly
movieId: PFr12  actor: Woody Harrelson
movieId: PFr12  actor: Randy Quaid
movieId: PFr12  actor: Venessa Angel
movieId: PFr12  actor: Bill Murray
movieId: PFr15  actor: Cameron Diaz
movieId: PFr15  actor: Ben Stiller
movieId: PFr15  actor: Matt Dillon
movieId: PFr15  actor: Chris Elliott
movieId: PFr15  actor: Lee Evans
movieId: PFr15  actor: Lin Shaye
movieId: PFr15  actor: Keith David
movieId: PFr17  actor: Jim Carey
movieId: PFr17  actor: Renee Zellweger
movieId: PGD11  actor: Lino Ventura
movieId: PGD11  actor: s a
movieId: PGg11  actor: Matt Damon
movieId: PGg11  actor: Franka Potente
movieId: PGr5  actor: Anthony Higgins
movieId: PGr5  actor: Janet Suzman
movieId: PGr5  actor: Anne Louise Lambert
movieId: PGr5  actor: Neil Cunningham
movieId: PGr5  actor: Hugh Fraser
movieId: PGr5  actor: Dave Hill
movieId: PGr7  actor: Andrea Ferreol
movieId: PGr7  actor: Brian Deacon
movieId: PGr7  actor: Eric Deacon
movieId: PGr10  actor: Brian Dennehy
movieId: PGr10  actor: Chloe Webb
movieId: PGr10  actor: Lambert Wilson
movieId: PGr10  actor: Geoffrey Copleston
movieId: PGr10  actor: Sergio Fantoni
movieId: PGr10  actor: Stefania Casini
movieId: PGr10  actor: Francesco Carnelutti
movieId: PGr10  actor: Vanni Corbellini
movieId: PGr10  actor: Marino Mase
movieId: PGr10  actor: Julian Jenkins
movieId: PGr10  actor: Alfredo Varelli
movieId: PGr12  actor: Joan Plowright
movieId: PGr12  actor: Juliet Stevenson
movieId: PGr12  actor: Joely Richardson
movieId: PGr12  actor: Bernard Hill
movieId: PGr12  actor: Jason Edwards
movieId: PGr15  actor: Helen Mirren
movieId: PGr15  actor: Michael Gambon
movieId: PGr15  actor: Alan Howard
movieId: PGr15  actor: Richard Bohringer
movieId: PGr15  actor: Tim Roth
movieId: PGr16  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: PGr16  actor: Michel Clark
movieId: PGr16  actor: Michel Blanc
movieId: PGr16  actor: Isabelle Passo
movieId: PGr16  actor: Tom Bell
movieId: PGr16  actor: Kenneth Cranham
movieId: PGr16  actor: s a
movieId: PGr16  actor: Mark Rylance
movieId: PGr16  actor: Erland Josephson
movieId: PGr16  actor: s a
movieId: PGr16  actor: s a
movieId: PGr17  actor: Julia Ormond
movieId: PGr17  actor: Ralph Fiennes
movieId: PGr17  actor: Philip Stone
movieId: PGr17  actor: Jonathan Lacey
movieId: PGr20  actor: Vivian Wu
movieId: PGr20  actor: Ken Ogata
movieId: PGr20  actor: Ewan McGregor
movieId: PGr20  actor: s a
movieId: PGr20  actor: Yoshi Oida
movieId: PGr20  actor: s a
movieId: PGr20  actor: s a
movieId: PGr22  actor: Polly Walker
movieId: PGr22  actor: Anni Shizuka
movieId: PGr22  actor: Vivian Wu
movieId: PGr22  actor: Natacha Amal
movieId: PGr22  actor: Toni Collette
movieId: PGy10  actor: Ronald Reagan
movieId: PGy10  actor: Shirley Temple
movieId: PGy10  actor: Rory Calhoun
movieId: PGy10  actor: Lois Maxwell
movieId: PGy10  actor: Conrad janis
movieId: PGy16  actor: Raymond Massey
movieId: PGy16  actor: Dane Clark
movieId: PGy16  actor: Ruth Roman
movieId: PGy16  actor: Robert Douglas
movieId: PGy16  actor: Morgan Farley
movieId: PiG40  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: PiG50  actor: Stefania Sandrelli
movieId: PiG50  actor: Aldo Puglisi
movieId: PiG50  actor: Saro Urzi
movieId: PlA100  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: PlA100  actor: Torin Thatcher
movieId: PlA100  actor: Tom Conway
movieId: PlA100  actor: Frederick Worlock
movieId: PlA100  actor: John Teague
movieId: PlA100  actor: A.E. GouldPorter
movieId: PlA100  actor: Milly Glessing
movieId: PlA101  actor: Oscar Homolka
movieId: PlA101  actor: Sam Jaffe
movieId: PlA101  actor: A.E. GouldPorter
movieId: PlA101  actor: Richard Longman
movieId: PlA101  actor: David Janti
movieId: PlA101  actor: Daniele deMetz
movieId: PlA101  actor: Robert P. Richards
movieId: PlA101  actor: William Greene
movieId: PlA101  actor: Fred Caterina
movieId: PlA101  actor: Paul Altmond
movieId: PlA120  actor: Genevieve Bujold
movieId: PlA120  actor: Mark Strange
movieId: PlL1  actor: Werner Krauss
movieId: PlL1  actor: Wilhelm Dieterle
movieId: PHa10  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: PHa10  actor: Helen Mirren
movieId: PHa10  actor: Sid Caesar
movieId: PHa10  actor: Simon Williams
movieId: PHa10  actor: Steve Franken
movieId: PHa10  actor: David Tomlinson
movieId: PHa15  actor: Sterling Hayden
movieId: PHa15  actor: Klaus Kinski
movieId: PHa15  actor: Sarah Miles
movieId: PHa15  actor: Cornelia Sharpe
movieId: PHa15  actor: Nicol Williamson
movieId: PHa15  actor: Susan George
movieId: PHa25  actor: James Coburn
movieId: PhD2  actor: Richard Egan
movieId: PhD2  actor: Dana Wynter
movieId: PhD2  actor: Cameron Mitchell
movieId: PhD2  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: PhD2  actor: Marjorie Rambeau
movieId: PhD5  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: PhD5  actor: Geraldine Fitzgerald
movieId: PhD5  actor: Diane Varsi
movieId: PhD5  actor: Stuart Whitman
movieId: PhD5  actor: Suzy Parker
movieId: PhD5  actor: Tom Tully
movieId: PhD9  actor: Elvis Presley
movieId: PhD9  actor: Hope Lange
movieId: PhD9  actor: Tuesday Weld
movieId: PhD9  actor: Millie Perkins
movieId: PhD9  actor: John Ireland
movieId: PhD9  actor: Gary Lockwood
movieId: PhD25  actor: Matthew Broderick
movieId: PhD25  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: PhD25  actor: Tcheky Karyo
movieId: PhD25  actor: Kelly Preston
movieId: PhG10  actor: Lou Castel
movieId: PhG10  actor: JeanPierre Leaud
movieId: PhH10  actor: Mandi Patinkin
movieId: PhH10  actor: James Spader
movieId: PhH10  actor: Charles Durning
movieId: PhH10  actor: Joel Grey
movieId: PhH10  actor: M.Emmet Walsh
movieId: PhH10  actor: Samantha Mathis
movieId: PhH13  actor: Patsy Kensit
movieId: PhH13  actor: Kristin Scott Thomas
movieId: PhH13  actor: Mark Rylance
movieId: PhJ10  actor: Sean Penn
movieId: PhJ10  actor: Gary Oldman
movieId: PhJ10  actor: Robin Wright
movieId: PhJ10  actor: Ed Harris
movieId: PhJ13  actor: Ricard Gere
movieId: PhJ13  actor: Uma Thurman
movieId: PhJ13  actor: Kim Basinger
movieId: PhJ13  actor: Eric Roberts
movieId: PhK4  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: PhK7  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: PhK11  actor: Marylin Monroe
movieId: PhK11  actor: Adele Jergens
movieId: PhK11  actor: Rand Brooks
movieId: PhK11  actor: Nana Bryant
movieId: PhK28  actor: John Payne
movieId: PhK28  actor: Evelyn Keyes
movieId: PhK33  actor: John McIntire
movieId: PhK33  actor: Richard Kiley
movieId: PhK33  actor: Kathryn Grant
movieId: PhK39  actor: George Segal
movieId: PhK42  actor: Dean Martin
movieId: PhK42  actor: Cyd Charisse
movieId: PhK46  actor: Rock Hudson
movieId: PhK46  actor: Sylva Koscina
movieId: PhK46  actor: Sergio Fantoni
movieId: PhK46  actor: Jaques Sernas
movieId: PhK50  actor: Joe Don Baker
movieId: PhK50  actor: Elizabeth Hartman
movieId: PhK50  actor: Gene Evans
movieId: PhK50  actor: Noah Beery~jr
movieId: PhL100  actor: Patrick ONeal
movieId: PhL100  actor: Kathie Brown
movieId: PhL100  actor: George Lindsay
movieId: PhN10  actor: Nicole Kidman
movieId: PhN10  actor: Sam Neill
movieId: PhN10  actor: Billy Zale
movieId: PhN10  actor: Rod Mudlinar
movieId: PhN10  actor: Joshua Tilden
movieId: PhN10  actor: George Shevtsov
movieId: PhN10  actor: Michael Long
movieId: PhN14  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: PhN14  actor: Sean Bean
movieId: PhN14  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: PhN14  actor: James Fox
movieId: PhN14  actor: Anne Archer
movieId: PhN14  actor: Thora Birch
movieId: PhN14  actor: James Earl Jones
movieId: PhN14  actor: Samuel L. Jackson
movieId: PhN14  actor: Patrick Bergin
movieId: PhN14  actor: Dolly Walker
movieId: PhN14  actor: Irene Fox
movieId: PhN14  actor: Kevin Kostner
movieId: PhN17  actor: Sharon Stone
movieId: PhN17  actor: William Baldwin
movieId: PhN17  actor: Tom Berenger
movieId: PhN17  actor: s a
movieId: PhN17  actor: Martin Landau
movieId: PhN17  actor: Marnie Patterson
movieId: PhN20  actor: Val Kilmer
movieId: PhN20  actor: Elisabeth Shue
movieId: PhN20  actor: Rade Serbedzija
movieId: PhN22  actor: Denzel Washington
movieId: PhN22  actor: Angelina Jolie
movieId: PHo10  actor: Gwyneth Paltrow
movieId: PHo10  actor: s a
movieId: PHo10  actor: John Hannah
movieId: PhS10  actor: Jeff Goldblum
movieId: PhS10  actor: Kathy Baker
movieId: PhS10  actor: Alan Bates
movieId: PhS10  actor: Vincent Schiavelli
movieId: PHt1  actor: George Lazenby
movieId: PHt1  actor: Diana Rigg
movieId: PHt1  actor: Telly Savalas
movieId: PHt1  actor: Gabrielle Ferzetti
movieId: PHt1  actor: Ilse Steppat
movieId: PHt1  actor: Yuri Borienko
movieId: PHt1  actor: Bernard Horsfall
movieId: PHt1  actor: George Baker
movieId: PHt1  actor: Bernard Lee
movieId: PHt1  actor: Lois Maxwell
movieId: PHt1  actor: Desmond Llewelyn
movieId: PHt1  actor: Besie Love
movieId: PHt1  actor: Catherina vonSchell
movieId: PHt1  actor: Julie Ege
movieId: PHt1  actor: Dani Sheridan
movieId: PHt1  actor: Joanna Lumley
movieId: PHt1  actor: Mona Chong
movieId: PHt1  actor: Anouska Hempel
movieId: PHt1  actor: Ingri Black
movieId: PHt1  actor: Jenny Hanley
movieId: PHt1  actor: Zara
movieId: PHt1  actor: Sylvana Henriques
movieId: PHt1  actor: Helena Ronee
movieId: PHt1  actor: Geoffrey Cheshire
movieId: PHt1  actor: Irvin Allen
movieId: PHt1  actor: Terry Mountain
movieId: PHt1  actor: James Bree
movieId: PHt1  actor: Virginia North
movieId: PHt1  actor: Brian Worth
movieId: PHt1  actor: Steve Plytas
movieId: PHt1  actor: Louis Armstrong
movieId: PHt8  actor: William Daniels
movieId: PHt8  actor: Howard daSilva
movieId: PHt8  actor: Ken Howard
movieId: PHt8  actor: Donald Madden
movieId: PHt8  actor: Blythe Danner
movieId: PHt8  actor: John Cullum
movieId: PHt8  actor: Roy Poole
movieId: PHt8  actor: David Ford
movieId: PHt8  actor: Virginia Vestoff
movieId: PHt11  actor: Roger Moore
movieId: PHt11  actor: Susannah York
movieId: PHt11  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: PHt11  actor: Bradford Dillman
movieId: PHt11  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: PHt11  actor: Tony Beckley
movieId: PHt13  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: PHt13  actor: Catherine Schell
movieId: PHt13  actor: Norman Shelley
movieId: PHt15  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: PHt15  actor: Lee Marvin
movieId: PHt20  actor: Scott Glenn
movieId: PHt20  actor: Barbara Carrera
movieId: PHt20  actor: Edward Fox
movieId: PHt20  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: PHt20  actor: Robert Webber
movieId: PHt20  actor: Kenneth Haigh
movieId: PHt20  actor: Stratford Johns
movieId: PHw10  actor: Alex Winter
movieId: PHw10  actor: Keanu Reeves
movieId: PHw10  actor: Joss Auckland
movieId: PHw10  actor: William Saddler
movieId: PHw10  actor: Taj Mahal
movieId: PHw10  actor: John Enroe
movieId: PHy6  actor: Elliott Gould
movieId: PHy6  actor: James Brolin
movieId: PHy6  actor: Brenda Vaccaro
movieId: PHy6  actor: Sam Waterston
movieId: PHy6  actor: O.J. Simpson
movieId: PHy6  actor: Hal Holbrook
movieId: PHy6  actor: Telly Savalas
movieId: PHy6  actor: Karen Black
movieId: PHy7  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: PHy7  actor: Lesley-Anne Down
movieId: PHy7  actor: Christopher Plummer
movieId: PHy7  actor: Alec McCowen
movieId: PHy7  actor: Richard Masur
movieId: PHy7  actor: Michael Sacks
movieId: PHy9  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: PHy9  actor: Peter Boyle
movieId: PHy9  actor: James B. Sikking
movieId: PHy9  actor: Kika Markham
movieId: PHy9  actor: Frances Sternhagen
movieId: PHy12  actor: Roy Scheider
movieId: PHy12  actor: Keir Dullea
movieId: PHy12  actor: Helen Mirren
movieId: PHy15  actor: Gregory Hines
movieId: PHy15  actor: Billy Crystal
movieId: PHy15  actor: Steven Bauer
movieId: PHy15  actor: Joe Pantolino
movieId: PHy15  actor: Dan Hedaya
movieId: PHy15  actor: Tracy Reed
movieId: PHy15  actor: Darlanne Fluegel
movieId: PHy15  actor: Jimmy Smits
movieId: PHy15  actor: Jonathan Gries
movieId: PHy20  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: PHy20  actor: Mark Harmon
movieId: PHy20  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: PHy20  actor: Jack ORourke
movieId: PHy25  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: PHy25  actor: Anne Archer
movieId: PHy25  actor: James B. Sikking
movieId: PHy25  actor: s a
movieId: PHy28  actor: John Ritter
movieId: PHy28  actor: Pam Dawber
movieId: PHy29  actor: Michael Douglas
movieId: PHy29  actor: Hal Holbrook
movieId: PHy29  actor: Yaphet Kotto
movieId: PHy29  actor: Sharon Gless
movieId: PHy29  actor: James B.Sikking
movieId: PHy29  actor: Joe Regalbuto
movieId: PHy29  actor: Don Calfa
movieId: PHy31  actor: JeanClaude vanDamme
movieId: PHy35  actor: JeanClaude vanDamme
movieId: PHy35  actor: Ron Silver
movieId: PHy35  actor: Bruce McGill
movieId: PHy35  actor: Gloria Ruben
movieId: PHy35  actor: Mia Sara
movieId: PHy39  actor: Tom Sizemore
movieId: PHy39  actor: Penelope Ann Miller
movieId: PHz10  actor: Jimmy Cliff
movieId: PJ7  actor: Alexandra Schmitt
movieId: PJ7  actor: Ilse Trautschold
movieId: PJ7  actor: Holmes Zimmermann
movieId: PJ7  actor: Friedrich Gnass
movieId: PJ7  actor: Gustav Bienert
movieId: PJH10  actor: Toni Collette
movieId: PJH10  actor: Rachel Griffiths
movieId: PJH10  actor: Bill Hunter
movieId: PJH10  actor: s a
movieId: PJH10  actor: s a
movieId: PJH14  actor: Julia Roberts
movieId: PJH14  actor: Dermot Mulroney
movieId: PJH14  actor: Cameron Diaz
movieId: PJH14  actor: Rupert Everett
movieId: PJH14  actor: Philip Bosco
movieId: PJH14  actor: Emmet Walsh
movieId: PK3  actor: Warren Oates
movieId: PK3  actor: Timothy Bottoms
movieId: PK3  actor: Lou Gossett
movieId: PK3  actor: eskimos
movieId: PK5  actor: Veronica Cartwright
movieId: PK5  actor: Jeff Goldblum
movieId: PK5  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: PK5  actor: Leonard Nimoy
movieId: PK5  actor: Kevin McCarthy
movieId: PK5  actor: Don Siegel
movieId: PK6  actor: Ken Wahl
movieId: PK6  actor: John Friedrich
movieId: PK6  actor: Karen Allen
movieId: PK6  actor: Linda Manz
movieId: PK7  actor: Scott Glenn
movieId: PK7  actor: Sam Shepard
movieId: PK7  actor: Veronica Cartwright
movieId: PK7  actor: Ed Harris
movieId: PK7  actor: Dennis Quaid
movieId: PK7  actor: Fred Ward
movieId: PK7  actor: Barbara Hershey
movieId: PK7  actor: Charles Frank
movieId: PK7  actor: Lance Henriksen
movieId: PK7  actor: Scott Paulin
movieId: PK7  actor: Kim Stanley
movieId: PK7  actor: Mary Jo Deschanel
movieId: PK7  actor: Pamela Reed
movieId: PK7  actor: Jeff Goldblum
movieId: PK7  actor: Levon Helm
movieId: PK7  actor: Scott Wilson
movieId: PK7  actor: Jane Dornacker
movieId: PK7  actor: Royal Dano
movieId: PK7  actor: Stanley Kim
movieId: PK7  actor: Donald Moffat
movieId: PK7  actor: Robert Beer
movieId: PK7  actor: Chuck Yeager
movieId: PK7  actor: Kathy Baker
movieId: PK7  actor: Peggy Davis
movieId: PK7  actor: David Gennon
movieId: PK15  actor: Daniel DayLewis
movieId: PK15  actor: Lena Olin
movieId: PK15  actor: Juliette Binoche
movieId: PK15  actor: Jan Nemec
movieId: PK20  actor: Fred Ward
movieId: PK20  actor: Maria deMadeiros
movieId: PK20  actor: Uma Thurman
movieId: PK20  actor: Richard E. Grant
movieId: PK20  actor: Kevin Spacey
movieId: PK20  actor: Don Phillip xx
movieId: PK22  actor: Wesley Snipes
movieId: PK22  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: PK22  actor: Tatjana Patitz
movieId: PK22  actor: Kevin Anderson
movieId: PK22  actor: Ray Wise
movieId: PK22  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: PK22  actor: Steve Buscemi
movieId: PK22  actor: s a
movieId: PK22  actor: s a
movieId: PK22  actor: Mako
movieId: PK22  actor: Stan Egi
movieId: PK22  actor: CaryHiroyuki Tagawa
movieId: PK22  actor: Tia Carriere
movieId: PlB2  actor: James Garner
movieId: PlB2  actor: Rita Moreno
movieId: PlB2  actor: Sharon Farrell
movieId: PlB2  actor: Gayle Hunnicutt
movieId: PlB2  actor: Carrol OConnor
movieId: PlB2  actor: William Daniels
movieId: PlB2  actor: Jackie Coogan
movieId: PlB2  actor: s a
movieId: PlB2  actor: s a
movieId: PlB2  actor: s a
movieId: PlB2  actor: s a
movieId: PlB2  actor: Bruce Lee
movieId: PlB12  actor: James Garner
movieId: PlB12  actor: Lou Gossett
movieId: PlB12  actor: Susan Clark
movieId: PlB12  actor: Brenda Sykes
movieId: PlB12  actor: Ed Asner
movieId: PlB12  actor: Andrew Duggan
movieId: PlB12  actor: Henry Jones
movieId: PlB12  actor: Neva Patterson
movieId: PlB12  actor: Royal Dano
movieId: PlB20  actor: Gary Grimes
movieId: PlB20  actor: Jerry Houser
movieId: PlB20  actor: Oliver Conant
movieId: PlB32  actor: Harvey Fierstein
movieId: PlB32  actor: Anne Bancroft
movieId: PlB32  actor: Matthew Broderick
movieId: PLd10  actor: John Beal
movieId: PLd10  actor: Coleen Gray
movieId: PLd10  actor: Kenneth Tobey
movieId: PLe10  actor: Michel Blanc
movieId: PLe10  actor: Sandrine Bonnaire
movieId: PLe10  actor: Luc Thullier
movieId: PLe10  actor: Luc Wilms
movieId: PLe12  actor: Jean Rochefort
movieId: PLe12  actor: Anna Galiena
movieId: PLe16  actor: Philippe Noiret
movieId: PLe16  actor: Jan Rochefort
movieId: PLe16  actor: JeanPierre Marielle
movieId: PLe16  actor: Catherine Roquefort
movieId: PLe16  actor: s a
movieId: PLe21  actor: Vanessa Paradis
movieId: PLe21  actor: Daniel Auteuil
movieId: PLf10  actor: Jaques Perrin
movieId: PLf10  actor: Richard Bohringer
movieId: PLf10  actor: Andrea Ferreol
movieId: PLi10  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: PLi10  actor: Marianne Lofgren
movieId: PLi10  actor: Marianne Aminoff
movieId: PLi10  actor: Olof Widgren
movieId: PlL1  actor: Werner Krauss
movieId: PlL1  actor: Conrad Veidt
movieId: PlL2  actor: Lucien Littlefield
movieId: PlL2  actor: Creighton Hale
movieId: PlL2  actor: Laura LaPlante
movieId: PlL2  actor: Flora Finch
movieId: PlL2  actor: Gertrude Astor
movieId: PlL2  actor: Forrest Stanley
movieId: PlL2  actor: Tully Marshall
movieId: PlL2  actor: Arthur Carewe
movieId: PlL2  actor: s a
movieId: PlL2  actor: Gertrude Astor
movieId: PlL3  actor: Conrad Veidt
movieId: PlL3  actor: Mary Philbin
movieId: PlL3  actor: Olga Baraclanova
movieId: PlM10  actor: Jeff Goldblum
movieId: PLo10  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: PLS10  actor: Gertrude Lawrence
movieId: PLS10  actor: Douglas Fairbanks~jr.
movieId: PLS10  actor: Harold Warrender
movieId: PLS10  actor: Carl Goodner
movieId: PlT1  actor: s a
movieId: PlT8  actor: Giulio Manieri
movieId: PlT10  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: PlT20  actor: Omero Antonutti
movieId: PlT40  actor: Omero Antonutti
movieId: PlT50  actor: Greta Scacchi
movieId: PlT50  actor: Vincent Spano
movieId: PlT50  actor: Joaquim deAlmeida
movieId: PlT50  actor: Desiree Becker
movieId: PlT50  actor: Charles Dance
movieId: PlT50  actor: s a
movieId: PlT50  actor: s a
movieId: PlT50  actor: s a
movieId: PlT50  actor: s a
movieId: PlT50  actor: s a
movieId: PlT60  actor: Lino Capolicchio
movieId: PlT60  actor: Michael Vartan
movieId: PlT60  actor: Michael Vartan
movieId: PlT60  actor: Galatea Ranzi
movieId: PlT60  actor: Renato Carpentieri
movieId: PlT60  actor: Claudio Bigali
movieId: PlT60  actor: Galatea Ranzi
movieId: PlT60  actor: Claudio Bigali
movieId: PlT60  actor: Michael Vartan
movieId: PlT60  actor: Ciro Esposito
movieId: PlT60  actor: Elisa Giani
movieId: PLu10  actor: Ofelia Medina
movieId: PLu10  actor: Juan Jose Gurrola
movieId: PlW10  actor: Billie Crystal
movieId: PlW10  actor: Jack Palance
movieId: PlW10  actor: Daniel Stern
movieId: PlW10  actor: Jon Lovitz
movieId: PlW10  actor: Patricia Wettig
movieId: PLy10  actor: Leslie Nielsen
movieId: PLy10  actor: Jamie Lee Curtis
movieId: PLy10  actor: Casey Stevens
movieId: PLy10  actor: Eddie Benton
movieId: PLy15  actor: Richard Beymer
movieId: PLy15  actor: Nina Axelrod
movieId: PLy15  actor: Michael Ironside
movieId: PLy15  actor: Brent Carver
movieId: PM1  actor: Natalie Wood
movieId: PM1  actor: Robert Culp
movieId: PM1  actor: Elliott Gould
movieId: PM1  actor: Dyan Cannon
movieId: PM1  actor: Horst Ebersberg
movieId: PM1  actor: Paul Mazursky
movieId: PM2  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: PM2  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: PM2  actor: Ellen Burstyn
movieId: PM2  actor: Paul Mazursky
movieId: PM2  actor: Frederico Fellini
movieId: PM3  actor: George Segal
movieId: PM3  actor: Suan Anspach
movieId: PM3  actor: Kris Kristofferson
movieId: PM3  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: PM3  actor: Erin OReilly
movieId: PM3  actor: Marsha Mason
movieId: PM3  actor: Paul Mazursky
movieId: PM4  actor: Art Carney
movieId: PM4  actor: Ellen Bursteyn
movieId: PM4  actor: Phil Bruns
movieId: PM4  actor: Larry Hagman
movieId: PM4  actor: Rene Enriquez
movieId: PM4  actor: Herbert Berghof
movieId: PM4  actor: Joshua Mostel
movieId: PM4  actor: Chief Dan George
movieId: PM4  actor: Barbara Rhoades
movieId: PM4  actor: Avon Long
movieId: PM4  actor: Geraldine Fitzgerald
movieId: PM4  actor: Melanie Mayron
movieId: PM4  actor: Sally Marr
movieId: PM4  actor: Paul Mazursky
movieId: PM4  actor: s a
movieId: PM5  actor: Paul Mazursky
movieId: PM6  actor: Jill Clayburgh
movieId: PM6  actor: Alan Bates
movieId: PM6  actor: Paul Mazursky
movieId: PM6  actor: Michael Murphy
movieId: PM6  actor: Lisa Lucas
movieId: PM6  actor: Pat Quinn
movieId: PM6  actor: Cliff Gorman
movieId: PM6  actor: Jill Eikenberry
movieId: PM7  actor: Paul Mazursky
movieId: PM8  actor: John Cassavetes
movieId: PM8  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: PM8  actor: Gena Rowlands
movieId: PM8  actor: Molly Ringwald
movieId: PM8  actor: Raul Julia
movieId: PM8  actor: Vittorio Gassman
movieId: PM8  actor: Paul Mazursky
movieId: PM8  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: PM9  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: PM9  actor: Maria Conchita Alonso
movieId: PM9  actor: Cleavant Derricks
movieId: PM9  actor: Alejandro Rey
movieId: PM9  actor: Paul Mazursky
movieId: PM10  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: PM10  actor: Richard Dreyfuss
movieId: PM10  actor: Bette Midler
movieId: PM10  actor: Little Richard
movieId: PM10  actor: Tracy Nelson
movieId: PM10  actor: Elizabeth Pena
movieId: PM10  actor: Paul Mazursky
movieId: PM11  actor: Richard Dreyfuss
movieId: PM11  actor: Raul Julia
movieId: PM11  actor: Sonia Braga
movieId: PM11  actor: Fernando Rey
movieId: PM11  actor: Jonathan Winters
movieId: PM11  actor: Paul Mazursky
movieId: PM12  actor: Ron Silver
movieId: PM12  actor: Anjelica Huston
movieId: PM12  actor: Lena Olin
movieId: PM12  actor: Margaret Sophie Stein
movieId: PM12  actor: Alan King
movieId: PM12  actor: Judith Malina
movieId: PM12  actor: Phil Leeds
movieId: PM12  actor: Paul Mazursky
movieId: PM15  actor: Bette Midler
movieId: PM15  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: PM15  actor: Bill Irwin
movieId: PM15  actor: s a
movieId: PM15  actor: Betsy Mazursky
movieId: PM20  actor: Cher
movieId: PM20  actor: Cazz Palmieri
movieId: PM20  actor: Ryan ONeal
movieId: PM20  actor: Arden Smith
movieId: PM20  actor: s a
movieId: PM21  actor: Cher
movieId: PM21  actor: Chazz Palminteri
movieId: PM21  actor: Ryan ONeal
movieId: PMa5  actor: Leslie Caron
movieId: PMa5  actor: Warren Oates
movieId: PMa5  actor: Alex Dreier
movieId: PMa5  actor: Mitchell Ryan
movieId: PMa5  actor: Charles McGraw
movieId: PMa5  actor: Gloria Grahame
movieId: PMa5  actor: Royal Dano
movieId: PMe10  actor: Peter OToole
movieId: PMe10  actor: Alastair Sim
movieId: PMe10  actor: Harry Andrews
movieId: PMe10  actor: Arthur Lowe
movieId: PMe10  actor: Coral Browne
movieId: PMe10  actor: Michael Bryant
movieId: PMe15  actor: George C. Scott
movieId: PMe15  actor: Trish VanDevere
movieId: PMe15  actor: Melvyn Douglas
movieId: PMe20  actor: George Hamilton
movieId: PMe20  actor: George Hamilton
movieId: PMe20  actor: Lauren Hutton
movieId: PMe20  actor: Brenda Vaccaro
movieId: PMe20  actor: Ron Leibman
movieId: PMe30  actor: Gary Kemp
movieId: PMe30  actor: Martin Kemp
movieId: PMe30  actor: Billie Whitelaw
movieId: PMe30  actor: Tom Bell
movieId: PMe32  actor: Paul Reyolds
movieId: PMe32  actor: Chris Eccleston
movieId: PMe32  actor: s a
movieId: PMe32  actor: Eileen Atkins
movieId: PMe32  actor: Mark McGann
movieId: PMe32  actor: s a
movieId: PMe32  actor: Tom Courtenay
movieId: PMe32  actor: Clare Holman
movieId: PMe32  actor: s a
movieId: PMe36  actor: Lena Olin
movieId: PMe36  actor: Gary Oldman
movieId: PMe36  actor: Annabella Sciorra
movieId: PMe36  actor: Julliette Lewis
movieId: PMe36  actor: Roy Scheider
movieId: PMo1  actor: Donald Lyons
movieId: PMo12  actor: Joe Dallesandro
movieId: PMo12  actor: Geraldine Smith
movieId: PMo12  actor: s a
movieId: PMo12  actor: s a
movieId: PMo13  actor: Joe Dallesandro
movieId: PMo13  actor: Jane Forth
movieId: PMo15  actor: Joe Dallesandro
movieId: PMo15  actor: Sylvia Miles
movieId: PMo15  actor: s a
movieId: PMo15  actor: s a
movieId: PMo15  actor: s a
movieId: PMo15  actor: s a
movieId: PMo17  actor: Candy Darling
movieId: PMo17  actor: Jackie Curtid
movieId: PMo17  actor: Holly Woodlawn
movieId: PMo17  actor: s a
movieId: PMo22  actor: Udo Kier
movieId: PMo22  actor: Arno Juerging
movieId: PMo22  actor: Vittorio deSica
movieId: PMo22  actor: Maxime McEnery
movieId: PMo22  actor: Joe Dallesandro
movieId: PMo22  actor: Roman Polanski
movieId: PMo24  actor: Peter Cook
movieId: PMo24  actor: Dudley Moore
movieId: PMo24  actor: TerryThomas
movieId: PMo24  actor: Joan Greenwood
movieId: PMo24  actor: Kenneth Williams
movieId: PMo24  actor: Spike Milligan
movieId: PMo27  actor: Patrick Shoene
movieId: PMo27  actor: Christina Indri
movieId: PmR1  actor: Jenny Seagrove
movieId: PmR1  actor: Faith Brooks
movieId: PmR1  actor: D.W. Moffett
movieId: PmR1  actor: Barry John
movieId: PmR1  actor: Protima Bedi
movieId: PMw10  actor: Wendy Hughes
movieId: PMG10  actor: Arnold Schwarzenegger
movieId: PMz10  actor: Isabelle Huppert
movieId: PMz10  actor: Nina Meurisse
movieId: PMz10  actor: Morgane More
movieId: PMz10  actor: Simon REgianni
movieId: PMz10  actor: s a
movieId: PMz10  actor: s a
movieId: PNe1.  actor: Joanne Woodward
movieId: PNe1  actor: Rachel Newman
movieId: PNe2  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: PNe2  actor: Henry Fonda\
movieId: PNe2  actor: Richard Jaeckel
movieId: PNe3  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: PNe3  actor: Robby Benson
movieId: PNe3  actor: Ellen Barkin
movieId: PNe3  actor: Joanne Woodward
movieId: PNe4  actor: Joanne Woodward
movieId: PnM8  actor: Tom Hanks
movieId: PnM10  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: PnM10  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: PnM10  actor: Julie Kavner
movieId: PnM10  actor: Penelope Anne Miller
movieId: PnM10  actor: John Heard
movieId: PnM10  actor: Alice Drummond
movieId: PnM10  actor: Anne Meara
movieId: PnM10  actor: Richard Libertini
movieId: PnM10  actor: Bradley Whitford
movieId: PnM11  actor: Penelope Anne Miller
movieId: PnM11  actor: Tim Daly
movieId: PnM11  actor: Louis Jordan
movieId: PnM11  actor: Art Malik
movieId: PnM12  actor: Geena Davis
movieId: PnM12  actor: Lori Petty
movieId: PnM12  actor: Tom Hanks
movieId: PnM12  actor: Madonna
movieId: PnM12  actor: Jon Livitz
movieId: PnM12  actor: Freddie Simpson
movieId: PnM12  actor: Megan Cavanagh
movieId: PnM12  actor: Bitty Schram
movieId: PnM14  actor: Danny deVito
movieId: PnM14  actor: Gegory Hines
movieId: PnM14  actor: Mark Wahlberg
movieId: PnM14  actor: Paul Abbott
movieId: PnM18  actor: Denzel Washington
movieId: PnM18  actor: Whitney Houston
movieId: POC10  actor: Colin Firth
movieId: POC10  actor: Kenneth Branagh
movieId: POC10  actor: Patrick Malahide
movieId: POC10  actor: Natasha Richardson
movieId: POC20  actor: Natasha Richardson
movieId: POC20  actor: Timothy Hutton
movieId: POC20  actor: Jon deVries
movieId: POC25  actor: Joaquin Phoenix
movieId: POC25  actor: Billy Crudup
movieId: POC25  actor: Kathy Baker
movieId: POC25  actor: s a
movieId: POC25  actor: Jennifer Conelly
movieId: POC25  actor: Joanna Going
movieId: POC25  actor: Liv Tyler
movieId: POC26  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: POC26  actor: Catherine McCormack
movieId: POC26  actor: Sophie Thompson
movieId: POC26  actor: Kathy Burke
movieId: POC26  actor: Brid Brennan
movieId: POC26  actor: Michael Gambon
movieId: POC26  actor: Al Karth
movieId: POC27  actor: Janice McTeer
movieId: POC29  actor: Charlize Theron
movieId: POC29  actor: Keanu Reeves
movieId: POC29  actor: Jason Isaacs
movieId: POC29  actor: Greg Germann
movieId: POC29  actor: Liam Aiken
movieId: POC29  actor: Lauren Graham
movieId: POC29  actor: sa
movieId: POC29  actor: Robert Joy
movieId: POC29  actor: sa
movieId: POC29  actor: Michael Rosenbaum
movieId: POC29  actor: Ray Baker
movieId: POC29  actor: sa
movieId: PPm10  actor: Bastian Bodenhoffer
movieId: PPm10  actor: Maria Izquierdo
movieId: PPm15  actor: Hector Noguera
movieId: PPm15  actor: Tito Bustamantes
movieId: PPm15  actor: Elsa Poblete
movieId: PPm15  actor: Ximena Rodriguez
movieId: PPr20  actor: Sino\"el
movieId: PPr20  actor: Martine Carol
movieId: PPr20  actor: Pierre pi\"eral
movieId: PPz10  actor: s a
movieId: PRb1  actor: Dudley Moore
movieId: PRb1  actor: Elizabeth McGovern
movieId: PRb1  actor: John Huston
movieId: PRb1  actor: Alec Guinness
movieId: Pri2  actor: Prince
movieId: Pri2  actor: Morris Day
movieId: Pri2  actor: Jerome Benton
movieId: Pri2  actor: The Time
movieId: Pri2  actor: Jill Jones
movieId: Pri2  actor: Mavis Staples
movieId: Pri2  actor: Ingrid Chavez
movieId: PRJ10  actor: Joe Mantegna
movieId: PRJ10  actor: Adam Robert Worton
movieId: PRJ10  actor: Jacob Joseph Worton
movieId: PRJ10  actor: Lara Flynn Boyle
movieId: PRJ10  actor: Cynthia Nixon
movieId: PRJ10  actor: Joe Pantoliano
movieId: PRo55  actor: Lionel Atwill
movieId: PRo55  actor: Sheila Terry
movieId: PRo55  actor: Theodore Newton
movieId: PRo55  actor: Paul Hurst
movieId: PRo80  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: PRo83  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: PRo86  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: PRo90  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: PRo93  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: PRo96  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: PRP10  actor: Merret Oppenheim
movieId: PRP10  actor: Glenda Jackson
movieId: PRP10  actor: Renate Steiger
movieId: PRs10  actor: Robbie Coltrane
movieId: PRs10  actor: Beverly dAngelo
movieId: PRs10  actor: x Miranal
movieId: PRs10  actor: Peter Richardson
movieId: PRs10  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: PRs10  actor: Paul Bartel
movieId: PRs10  actor: Salvatore x
movieId: PrWl  actor: Dennis Christopher
movieId: PrWl  actor: Susan SaintJames
movieId: PrWl  actor: Roger Aaron Brown
movieId: PrWl  actor: Robert Englund
movieId: PrWl  actor: Lisa Lu
movieId: PrWl  actor: Thu Thuy
movieId: PrWl  actor: James Whitmore~jr.
movieId: PRz10  actor: s a
movieId: PRz10  actor: Sheila McCarthy
movieId: PRz10  actor: Paule Baillargeon
movieId: PRz10  actor: AnneMarie McDonald
movieId: PRz10  actor: John Evans
movieId: PRz10  actor: Brenda Kamino
movieId: PRz10  actor: Richard Monette
movieId: PRz15  actor: Maurice Godin
movieId: PRz15  actor: Margot Kidder
movieId: PRz15  actor: Kate Nelligan
movieId: PRz22  actor: Frances OConnor
movieId: PRz22  actor: Harold Pinter
movieId: PRz22  actor: Embeth Davitz
movieId: PRz22  actor: Jonny Lee Miller
movieId: PRz22  actor: Alessandro Nivola
movieId: PS1  actor: Brian Donlevy
movieId: PS1  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: PS1  actor: Muriel Angelus
movieId: PS1  actor: Louis Jean Heydt
movieId: PS1  actor: Arthur Hoyt
movieId: PS1  actor: Allyn Joslyn
movieId: PS1  actor: William Demarest
movieId: PS1  actor: Thurston Hall
movieId: PS1  actor: Steffi Dunna
movieId: PS1  actor: Esther Howard
movieId: PS1  actor: Jimmy Conlin
movieId: PS1  actor: Harry Rosenthal
movieId: PS1  actor: Robert Warwick
movieId: PS1  actor: Frank C. Moran
movieId: PS1  actor: Dewey Robinson
movieId: PS2  actor: Dick Powell
movieId: PS2  actor: Ellen Drew
movieId: PS2  actor: Ernest Truex
movieId: PS2  actor: Al Bridge
movieId: PS2  actor: Raymond Walburn
movieId: PS2  actor: William Demarest
movieId: PS3  actor: Joel McCrea
movieId: PS3  actor: Veronica Lake
movieId: PS3  actor: Robert Warwick
movieId: PS3  actor: William Demarest
movieId: PS3  actor: Porter Hall
movieId: PS3  actor: Jimmy Conlin
movieId: PS3  actor: Margaret Hayes
movieId: PS3  actor: Franklin Pangborn
movieId: PS3  actor: Willard Robertson
movieId: PS3  actor: Arthur Hoyt
movieId: PS3  actor: Frank Moran
movieId: PS3  actor: Monte Blue
movieId: PS3  actor: Preston Sturges
movieId: PS4  actor: Barbara Stanwyck
movieId: PS4  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: PS4  actor: Charles Coburn
movieId: PS4  actor: Eugene Pallette
movieId: PS4  actor: William Demarest
movieId: PS4  actor: Eric Blore
movieId: PS4  actor: Melville Cooper
movieId: PS4  actor: Martha ODiriscoll
movieId: PS4  actor: Janet Beecher
movieId: PS4  actor: Robert Greig
movieId: PS5  actor: Claudette Colbert
movieId: PS5  actor: Joel McCrea
movieId: PS5  actor: Rudy Vallee
movieId: PS5  actor: Mary Astor
movieId: PS5  actor: Sig Arno
movieId: PS5  actor: Robert Warwick
movieId: PS5  actor: Torben Meyer
movieId: PS5  actor: Jimmy Conlin
movieId: PS5  actor: William Demarest
movieId: PS5  actor: Jack Norton
movieId: PS5  actor: Robert Greig
movieId: PS5  actor: Roscoe Ates
movieId: PS5  actor: Chester Conklin
movieId: PS5  actor: Franklin Pangborn
movieId: PS5  actor: Alan Bridge
movieId: PS5  actor: Robert Dudley
movieId: PS7  actor: Betty Hutton
movieId: PS7  actor: Eddie Bracken
movieId: PS7  actor: William Demarest
movieId: PS7  actor: Diana Lynn
movieId: PS7  actor: Porter Hall
movieId: PS7  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: PS7  actor: Brian Donlevy
movieId: PS7  actor: Alan Bridge
movieId: PS7  actor: s a
movieId: PS7  actor: Bobby Watson
movieId: PS8  actor: Eddie Bracken
movieId: PS8  actor: William Demarest
movieId: PS8  actor: Ella Raines
movieId: PS8  actor: Franklin Panghorn
movieId: PS8  actor: Elizabeth Patterson
movieId: PS8  actor: Raymond Walburn
movieId: PS8  actor: Alan Bridge
movieId: PS8  actor: Georgia Caine
movieId: PS8  actor: Freddie Steele
movieId: PS8  actor: Jimmy Conlin
movieId: PS8  actor: Torben Meyer
movieId: PS9  actor: Edgar Kennedy
movieId: PS13  actor: Harold Lloyd
movieId: PS20  actor: Rex Harrison
movieId: PS20  actor: Linda Darnell
movieId: PS20  actor: Kurt Kreuger
movieId: PS20  actor: Barbara Lawrence
movieId: PS20  actor: Rudy Vallee
movieId: PS20  actor: Robert Grieg
movieId: PS20  actor: Lionel Stander
movieId: PS20  actor: Edgar Kennedy
movieId: PS20  actor: Al Bridge
movieId: PS20  actor: Julius Tannen
movieId: PS20  actor: Torben Meyer
movieId: PS21  actor: Betty Grable
movieId: PS21  actor: Cesar Romero
movieId: PS21  actor: El Brendel
movieId: PS21  actor: Hugh Herbert
movieId: PS21  actor: Rudy Vallee
movieId: PS21  actor: Olga SanJuan
movieId: PS21  actor: Sterling Holloway
movieId: PS21  actor: Porter Hall
movieId: PS21  actor: Esther Howard
movieId: PS21  actor: Margaret Hamilton
movieId: PS22  actor: Jack Buchanan
movieId: PS22  actor: Martine Carol
movieId: PS22  actor: Catherine Boyl
movieId: PS22  actor: NoelNoel
movieId: PS22  actor: Genevieve Brunet
movieId: PS22  actor: s a
movieId: PSc1  actor: Richard Pryor
movieId: PSc1  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: PSc1  actor: Yaphet Kotto
movieId: PSc1  actor: Lane Smith
movieId: PSc1  actor: Ed Begley~jr.
movieId: PSc10  actor: George C. Scott
movieId: PSc10  actor: Season Hubley
movieId: PSc10  actor: Peter Boyle
movieId: PSc10  actor: Dick Sargent
movieId: PSc10  actor: Leonard Gaines
movieId: PSc12  actor: Richard Gere
movieId: PSc12  actor: Lauren Hutton
movieId: PSc12  actor: Hector Elizondo
movieId: PSc12  actor: Nina VanPallandt
movieId: PSc20  actor: Natassia Kinski
movieId: PSc20  actor: Malcolm McDowell
movieId: PSc20  actor: Annette OToole
movieId: PSc20  actor: John Heard
movieId: PSc20  actor: Ruby Dee
movieId: PSc20  actor: Ed Begley~jr
movieId: PSc30  actor: Natasha Richardson
movieId: PSc30  actor: Rupert Everett
movieId: PSc30  actor: Christopher Walken
movieId: PSc30  actor: Helen Mirren
movieId: PSc32  actor: William Dafoe
movieId: PSc32  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: PSc35  actor: Ken Ogata
movieId: PSc39  actor: Skeet Ulrich
movieId: PSc39  actor: Bridget Fonda
movieId: PSc39  actor: Christopher Walken
movieId: PSc39  actor: Tom Arnold
movieId: PSc39  actor: Lolita Davidovitch
movieId: PSc41  actor: James Coburn
movieId: PSc41  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: PSc41  actor: Sissy Spacek
movieId: PSc41  actor: Willem Dafoe
movieId: PSc41  actor: Mary Beth Hurt
movieId: PSe10  actor: Leslie Nielsen
movieId: PSe10  actor: Fred Ward
movieId: PSe10  actor: Priscilla Presley
movieId: PSe10  actor: Pa Zadora
movieId: PSe10  actor: Raquel Welch
movieId: PSe10  actor: Anna Nicole Smith
movieId: PSe10  actor: Vanna White
movieId: PSe10  actor: s a
movieId: PSe10  actor: s a
movieId: PSl10  actor: Richard Dix
movieId: PSl10  actor: Frances Howard
movieId: PSl10  actor: William Powell
movieId: PSp10  actor: Rae Dawn Chong
movieId: PSp10  actor: Rachel Ticotin
movieId: PSp10  actor: Talisa Soto
movieId: PSp10  actor: Lolita Davidovich
movieId: PSp12  actor: Mike Myers
movieId: PSp12  actor: Dana Carvey
movieId: PSp12  actor: Rob Lowe
movieId: PSp12  actor: Tia Carrere
movieId: PSp14  actor: Jim Varney
movieId: PSp14  actor: Cloris Leachman
movieId: PSp14  actor: Erika Eleniak
movieId: PSp14  actor: Diedrich Bader
movieId: PSp14  actor: Dabney Coleman
movieId: PSp14  actor: Lily Tomlin
movieId: PSp14  actor: Buddy Ebsen
movieId: PSv8  actor: Danny Glover
movieId: PSv8  actor: John Matshikiza
movieId: PSv8  actor: Alfre Woodard
movieId: PSv8  actor: Warren Clarke
movieId: PSv12  actor: Anjelica Huston
movieId: PSv12  actor: Dermot Mulroney
movieId: PSv12  actor: Sam McNeil
movieId: PSv12  actor: Kyra Sedgewick
movieId: PSv13  actor: Christian Bale
movieId: PSv13  actor: Lee Ross
movieId: PSv13  actor: Emily Watson
movieId: PSv13  actor: Elsa Zylberstein
movieId: PSy10  actor: Nastassia Kinski
movieId: PSy10  actor: Richard Widmark
movieId: PSy10  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: PSy10  actor: Honor Blackman
movieId: PSy10  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: PTA10  actor: Mark Wahlberg
movieId: PTA10  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: PTA10  actor: Julianne Moore
movieId: PTA10  actor: Heather Graham
movieId: PTA10  actor: Don Cheadle
movieId: PTA10  actor: John C. Reilly
movieId: PTA10  actor: William H. Macy
movieId: PTA12  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: PTA12  actor: Julianne Moore
movieId: PTA12  actor: William H. Macy
movieId: PTA12  actor: Philip Seymor Hoffman
movieId: PTA12  actor: Tom Cruise
movieId: PTA12  actor: John C. Reilly
movieId: PtC10  actor: Kate Capshaw
movieId: PtC10  actor: Blythe Danner
movieId: PtC10  actor: Ellen DeGeneres
movieId: PtC10  actor: Geraldine McEwan
movieId: PtC10  actor: Julianne Nicholson
movieId: PtC10  actor: Tom Everett Scott
movieId: PtC10  actor: Tom Selleck
movieId: PtC10  actor: Gloria Stuart
movieId: PtC10  actor: Jessica Capshaw
movieId: PtC10  actor: Sasha Spielberg
movieId: PtF5  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: PtF5  actor: Sophia Loren
movieId: PtF5  actor: Henri Vidal
movieId: PtF5  actor: Irene Papas
movieId: PtF5  actor: Ettore Manni
movieId: PtF5  actor: Claude Laydu
movieId: PtF5  actor: Rita Gam
movieId: PtF10  actor: Steve Reeves
movieId: PtF10  actor: Sylva Koscina
movieId: PtF10  actor: Gianna Maria Canale
movieId: PtF10  actor: Fabrizio Mione
movieId: PTi10  actor: s a
movieId: PTi10  actor: Csontos
movieId: PTi10  actor: Mate
movieId: PtM10  actor: Geraldine Page
movieId: PtM10  actor: John Heard
movieId: PtM10  actor: Carlin Glynn
movieId: PtM10  actor: Rebecca deMornay
movieId: PtM10  actor: Richard Bradford
movieId: PtP10  actor: Leslie Nielsen
movieId: PtP10  actor: Kerlly LeBrock
movieId: PtP10  actor: Michael York
movieId: PtP10  actor: Richard Crenna
movieId: PTV10  actor: Ally Sheedy
movieId: PTV10  actor: Michael OKeefe
movieId: PTV10  actor: s a
movieId: PTV10  actor: Laura Hutton
movieId: PTV10  actor: Stan Shard
movieId: PTV10  actor: Dina Menell
movieId: PTV10  actor: Cindy Shittmein
movieId: PTV10  actor: s a
movieId: PTV10  actor: s a
movieId: PTw1  actor: Cliff Robertson
movieId: PTw1  actor: Rod Taylor
movieId: PTw1  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: PTw1  actor: Jim Backus
movieId: PTw9  actor: Elvis Presley
movieId: PTw9  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: PTw9  actor: Joan Blondell
movieId: PTw9  actor: s a
movieId: PTw9  actor: Katy Jurado
movieId: PTw9  actor: Thomas Gomez
movieId: PTw9  actor: L.Q. Jones
movieId: PtZ10  actor: Klaus Kinski
movieId: PtZ10  actor: Halo Qualteppe
movieId: PtZ10  actor: Geron Duda
movieId: PUs5  actor: Terence Stamp
movieId: PUs5  actor: Robert Ryan
movieId: PUs5  actor: Peter Ustinov
movieId: PUs5  actor: David McCallum
movieId: PUs5  actor: Melvyn Douglas
movieId: PUs5  actor: Paul Rogers
movieId: PUs5  actor: John Neville
movieId: PUs5  actor: Ronald Lewis
movieId: PUs5  actor: David McCallum
movieId: PUs6  actor: Sophia Loren
movieId: PUs6  actor: David Niven
movieId: PUs6  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: PUs6  actor: Peter Ustinov
movieId: PUs6  actor: Claude Dauphin
movieId: PUs6  actor: Philippe Noiret
movieId: PUs6  actor: Michel Piccoli
movieId: PUs6  actor: Marcel Dalio
movieId: PUs6  actor: Cecil Parker
movieId: PUs6  actor: Eug\`ene Deckers
movieId: PVg10  actor: s a
movieId: PVh9  actor: Monique vandeVen
movieId: PVh9  actor: Rutger Hauer
movieId: PVh9  actor: Tonny Huurdeman
movieId: PVh12  actor: Hans vanTongeren
movieId: PVh12  actor: Renee Soutendijk
movieId: PVh12  actor: Rutger Hauer
movieId: PVh16  actor: Peter Weller
movieId: PVh16  actor: Nancy Allen
movieId: PVh16  actor: Kurtwood Smith
movieId: PVh17  actor: Arnold Schwarzenegger
movieId: PVh17  actor: Sharon Stone
movieId: PVh17  actor: Rachel Ticotin
movieId: PVh18  actor: Michael Douglas
movieId: PVh18  actor: Sharon Stone
movieId: PVh18  actor: George Dzunda
movieId: PVh18  actor: Jeanne Triplehorn
movieId: PVh18  actor: Dorithy Malone
movieId: PVh19  actor: Elizabeth Berkley
movieId: PVh19  actor: Kyle MacLachlan
movieId: PvL1  actor: Pyotr Mamonov
movieId: PvL1  actor: Pyotr Zaichenko
movieId: PW1  actor: Henrik Galeen
movieId: PW1  actor: Henrik Galeen
movieId: PW4  actor: Paul Wegener
movieId: PW4  actor: Albert Steinruck
movieId: PW4  actor: Ernst Deutsch
movieId: PWa10  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: PWa10  actor: John Carradine
movieId: PWa10  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: PWa10  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: PWa10  actor: Desi Arnaz~jr.
movieId: PWe2  actor: Sandra Dee
movieId: PWe2  actor: Cliff Robertson
movieId: PWe2  actor: James Darren
movieId: PWe2  actor: Arthur OConnell
movieId: PWe4  actor: Deborah Walley
movieId: PWe6  actor: Cindy Carol
movieId: PWe10  actor: Bo Svenson
movieId: PWe10  actor: Cybill Shepherd
movieId: PeW15  actor: Cicely Tyson
movieId: PeW15  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: PeW15  actor: Will Geer
movieId: PeW15  actor: Robert Hooks
movieId: PeW15  actor: Dick Anthony Williams
movieId: PeW15  actor: James Wainwright
movieId: PWi2  actor: Jon Voight
movieId: PWi3  actor: Jon Voight
movieId: PWr2  actor: Terry Camillieri
movieId: PWr2  actor: John Meillon
movieId: PWr2  actor: Melissa Jaffa
movieId: PWr2  actor: Kevin Miles
movieId: PWr3  actor: Rachel Roberts
movieId: PWr3  actor: Dominic Guard
movieId: PWr3  actor: Helen Morse
movieId: PWr4  actor: Richard Chamberlain
movieId: PWr4  actor: Gulpilil
movieId: PWr4  actor: Nandjiwarra Amagula
movieId: PWr4  actor: Olivia Hamnett
movieId: PWr5  actor: Mark Lee
movieId: PWr5  actor: Mel Gibson
movieId: PWr5  actor: Bill Hunter
movieId: PWr5  actor: Robert grubb
movieId: PWr5  actor: Tim McKenzie
movieId: PWr5  actor: Bill Kerr
movieId: PWr6  actor: Mel Gibson
movieId: PWr6  actor: Sigourney Weaver
movieId: PWr6  actor: Linda Hunt
movieId: PWr6  actor: Bill Kerr
movieId: PWr6  actor: Michael Murphy
movieId: PWr6  actor: Bembol Rocco
movieId: PWr6  actor: Noel Ferrier
movieId: PWr6  actor: Paul Sonkkila
movieId: PWr8  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: PWr8  actor: Kelly McGillis
movieId: PWr8  actor: Josef Sommer
movieId: PWr8  actor: Lukas Haas
movieId: PWr8  actor: Jan Rubes
movieId: PWr8  actor: Alexander Godunov
movieId: PWr8  actor: Danny Glover
movieId: PWr10  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: PWr10  actor: Helen Mirren
movieId: PWr10  actor: River Phoenix
movieId: PWr10  actor: s a
movieId: PWr12  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: PWr12  actor: Robert Sean Leonard
movieId: PWr12  actor: Ethan Hawke
movieId: PWr12  actor: Josh Charles
movieId: PWr12  actor: Gale Hansen
movieId: PWr12  actor: Kurtwood Smith
movieId: PWr12  actor: Norman Lloyd
movieId: PWr12  actor: Lara Flynn Boyle
movieId: PWr14  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: PWr14  actor: Bebe Neuwirth
movieId: PWr14  actor: Andie McDowell
movieId: PWr14  actor: Larry Wright
movieId: PWr14  actor: AndieGregg Edelman
movieId: PWr14  actor: E-than Phillips
movieId: PWr14  actor: Robert Prosby
movieId: PWr14  actor: Dianne Chritenden
movieId: PWr14  actor: Jan Gontic
movieId: PWr14  actor: Vasek Simek
movieId: PWr16  actor: Jeff Bridges
movieId: PWr16  actor: Rosie Perez
movieId: PWr16  actor: Isabella Rosselini
movieId: PWr16  actor: Rosie Perez
movieId: PWr16  actor: John Turturro
movieId: PWr16  actor: Tom Hulce
movieId: PWr21  actor: Jim Carrey
movieId: PWr21  actor: Laura Linney
movieId: PWr21  actor: Ed Harris
movieId: PWr21  actor: Natascha McElhorn
movieId: PWr21  actor: s a
movieId: PWr21  actor: Noah Emmerich
movieId: PWr21  actor: x Taylor
movieId: PWr21  actor: John Pleshette
movieId: PWz10  actor: Jason Biggs
movieId: PWz10  actor: Shannon Elizabeth
movieId: PWz10  actor: Alyson Hannigan
movieId: PWz10  actor: Chris Owen
movieId: PWz10  actor: Thomas DeLonge
movieId: PWz10  actor: Mark Hoppus
movieId: PWz10  actor: Eddie Kaye Thomas
movieId: PWz10  actor: Natasha Lyonne
movieId: PWz10  actor: Thomas Ian Nicholas
movieId: PWz10  actor: Tara Reid
movieId: PWz10  actor: Chris Klein
movieId: PWz10  actor: Mena Suvari
movieId: PWz10  actor: Sean W. Scott
movieId: PWz10  actor: Molly Cheek
movieId: PWz10  actor: Eugene Levy
movieId: PY1  actor: Cliff Richards
movieId: PY1  actor: Lauri Peters
movieId: PY1  actor: Melvyn Hayes
movieId: PY1  actor: Una Stubbs
movieId: PY1  actor: Teddy Green
movieId: PY1  actor: Ron Moody
movieId: PY4  actor: Steve McQueen
movieId: PY4  actor: Robert Vaughn
movieId: PY4  actor: Jacqueline Bisset
movieId: PY4  actor: Simon Oakland
movieId: PY4  actor: George Stanford Brown
movieId: PY4  actor: Norman Fell
movieId: PY4  actor: Don Gordon
movieId: PY6  actor: Ron Leibman
movieId: PY6  actor: George Segal
movieId: PY6  actor: Paul Sand
movieId: PY6  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: PY7  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: PY7  actor: Richard Jordan
movieId: PY7  actor: Peter Boyle
movieId: PY7  actor: Steven Keats
movieId: PY7  actor: Alex Rocco
movieId: PY7  actor: Joe Santos
movieId: PY7  actor: Helena Carroll
movieId: PY7  actor: Mitchell Ryan
movieId: PY7  actor: Jack Kehoe
movieId: PY10  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: PY10  actor: Jacqueline Bisset
movieId: PY10  actor: Robert Shaw
movieId: PY10  actor: Lou Gossett~jr.
movieId: PY10  actor: Eli Wallach
movieId: PY11  actor: Dave Dennis Christopher
movieId: PY11  actor: Paul Dooley
movieId: PY11  actor: Dennis Quaid
movieId: PY11  actor: Daniel Stern
movieId: PY11  actor: Barbara Barrie
movieId: PY11  actor: Paul Dooley
movieId: PY11  actor: Jackie Earle Haley
movieId: PY13  actor: Barbra Streisand
movieId: PY13  actor: Michael Sarrazin
movieId: PY13  actor: Estelle Parsons
movieId: PY13  actor: Molly Picon
movieId: PY13  actor: William Redfield
movieId: PY15  actor: William Hurt
movieId: PY15  actor: Sigourney Weaver
movieId: PY15  actor: Christopher Plummer
movieId: PY15  actor: James Woods
movieId: PY19  actor: Ken Marshall
movieId: PY19  actor: Lysette Anthony
movieId: PY19  actor: Freddie Jones
movieId: PY19  actor: Francesca Annis
movieId: PY20  actor: Albert Finney
movieId: PY20  actor: Tom Courtenay
movieId: PY20  actor: Edward Fox
movieId: PY20  actor: Zena Walker
movieId: PY20  actor: Eileen Atkins
movieId: PY20  actor: Michael Gough
movieId: PY20  actor: Cathryn Harrison
movieId: PY25  actor: Cher
movieId: PY25  actor: Liam Neeson
movieId: PY25  actor: Dennis Quaid
movieId: PY25  actor: John Mahoney
movieId: PY25  actor: Joe Montegna
movieId: PY25  actor: Philip Bosco
movieId: PY25  actor: s a
movieId: PY32  actor: Julianne Moore
movieId: PY32  actor: D.B. Sweeny
movieId: PY32  actor: Peter Falk
movieId: PY32  actor: Ellen Burstein
movieId: PY32  actor: Jan Rubes
movieId: PY32  actor: s a
movieId: PY34  actor: Hugh Grant
movieId: PY34  actor: s a
movieId: PY34  actor: Julianne Moore
movieId: PY34  actor: Jeff Goldblum
movieId: PY34  actor: Tom Arnold
movieId: PY34  actor: Joanne Cusack
movieId: PY34  actor: Mia Ottell
movieId: PY34  actor: s a
movieId: PY34  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: PY34  actor: s a
movieId: PY34  actor: Paul Simon
movieId: PY37  actor: Tom Selleck
movieId: PY37  actor: E.Murray Abrahams
movieId: PY37  actor: Laila Robbins
movieId: PY37  actor: David Rasche
movieId: PY37  actor: Richard Young
movieId: PY37  actor: Badja Dialo
movieId: PY37  actor: s a
movieId: PY37  actor: Philip Baker Hall
movieId: PY38  actor: Peter Redford
movieId: PYu10  actor: Donald Wildmon
movieId: PYu10  actor: Christie Hefner
movieId: QMa10  actor: James Mason
movieId: QMa10  actor: Tom Skerritt
movieId: QMa10  actor: Ian Gilmour
movieId: QMa10  actor: Wendy Hughes
movieId: QMa12  actor: Joan Collins
movieId: QMa12  actor: Oliver Tobias
movieId: QMa12  actor: Sue Lloyd
movieId: QMa12  actor: Mark Burns
movieId: QMa12  actor: Doug Fisher
movieId: QMa12  actor: Walter Cotell
movieId: QMa12  actor: Tony Allyn
movieId: QMa14  actor: Joan Collins
movieId: QTa1  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: QTa1  actor: Tim Roth
movieId: QTa1  actor: Steve Buscemi
movieId: QTa1  actor: Michael Madsen
movieId: QTa1  actor: Lawrence Tierney
movieId: QTa1  actor: s a
movieId: QTa1  actor: Chris Penn
movieId: QTa1  actor: Steven Wright
movieId: QTa3  actor: John Travolta
movieId: QTa3  actor: Samuel L. Jackson
movieId: QTa3  actor: Uma Thurman
movieId: QTa3  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: QTa3  actor: Christopher Walken
movieId: QTa3  actor: Bruce Willis
movieId: QTa3  actor: Tim Roth
movieId: QTa3  actor: Quentin Tarantino
movieId: QTa3  actor: Rosanna Arquette
movieId: QTa3  actor: Amanda Plummer
movieId: QTa3  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: Qta6  actor: Pam Grier
movieId: Qta6  actor: Robert Forster
movieId: Qta6  actor: Samuel L. Jackson
movieId: Qta6  actor: Robert dNiro
movieId: Qta6  actor: Bridget Fonda
movieId: RA2  actor: Simon Ward
movieId: RA2  actor: Robert Shaw
movieId: RA2  actor: Anne Bancroft
movieId: RA2  actor: Jack Hawkins
movieId: RA2  actor: Ian Holm
movieId: RA2  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: RA2  actor: John Mills
movieId: RA2  actor: Patrick Magee
movieId: RA3  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: RA3  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: RA3  actor: Ryan ONeal
movieId: RA3  actor: Dirk Bogarde
movieId: RA3  actor: James Caan
movieId: RA3  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: RA3  actor: Edward Fox
movieId: RA3  actor: Elliott Gould
movieId: RA3  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: RA3  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: RA3  actor: Hardy Kruger
movieId: RA3  actor: Maximilian Schell
movieId: RA3  actor: Liv Ullman
movieId: RA3  actor: Arthur Hill
movieId: RA3  actor: Wolfgang Preiss
movieId: RA3  actor: Miriam Brickman
movieId: RA4  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: RA4  actor: AnnMargret
movieId: RA4  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: RA4  actor: Ed Lauter
movieId: RA5  actor: Ben Kingsley
movieId: RA5  actor: Edward Fox
movieId: RA5  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: RA5  actor: Trevor Howard
movieId: RA5  actor: Ian Charleson
movieId: RA5  actor: Candice Bergen
movieId: RA5  actor: Martin Sheen
movieId: RA5  actor: John Mills
movieId: RA5  actor: Saeed Jaffrey
movieId: RA5  actor: Athol Fugard
movieId: RA5  actor: Rohini Hattangady
movieId: RA5  actor: Roshan Seth
movieId: RA5  actor: Michael Hodern
movieId: RA5  actor: Ian Bannen
movieId: RA5  actor: Sherma Lagoo
movieId: RA5  actor: Geraldine James
movieId: RA5  actor: s a
movieId: RA5  actor: s a
movieId: RA8  actor: Michael Douglas
movieId: RA8  actor: Terence Mann
movieId: RA8  actor: Alyson Reed
movieId: RA8  actor: Cameron English
movieId: RA8  actor: Vicki Frederick
movieId: RA10  actor: Kevin Kline
movieId: RA10  actor: Penelope Wilton
movieId: RA10  actor: Denzel Washington
movieId: RA10  actor: John Thaw
movieId: RA10  actor: Sophie Mgcina
movieId: RA10  actor: Joseph Marcell
movieId: RA10  actor: Josette Sino
movieId: RA10  actor: Zakes Mokae
movieId: RA10  actor: Gwen Watford
movieId: RA15  actor: Robert Downey~jr.
movieId: RA15  actor: Dan Ackroyd
movieId: RA15  actor: Geraldine Chaplin
movieId: RA15  actor: Milla Josovich
movieId: RA15  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: RA15  actor: Penelope Ann Miller
movieId: RA15  actor: Moira Kelly
movieId: RA15  actor: Kevin Kline
movieId: RA15  actor: s a
movieId: RA15  actor: Paul Rhys
movieId: RA15  actor: Diane Lane
movieId: RA17  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: RA17  actor: Debra Winger
movieId: RA19  actor: Chris ODonnell
movieId: RA19  actor: Sandra Bullock
movieId: RA19  actor: Mackenzie Aston
movieId: RA19  actor: Emilio Bonucci
movieId: RA19  actor: s a
movieId: RA19  actor: Ingrid Lang
movieId: RA22  actor: Pierce Brosnan
movieId: RA22  actor: Anne Gadepeau
movieId: RA22  actor: s a
movieId: RA22  actor: John Dunn Hill
movieId: RA22  actor: s a
movieId: RA22  actor: s a
movieId: RA22  actor: Peter Coyote
movieId: RAA10  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: RAA10  actor: Sam Sheppard
movieId: RAA10  actor: Pahcoke
movieId: RAA10  actor: Jason London
movieId: RAB10  actor: Lina Basquette
movieId: RAB11  actor: Lina Basquette
movieId: RAB12  actor: Lina Basquette
movieId: RAB13  actor: Lina Basquette
movieId: RAB14  actor: Lina Basquette
movieId: RAC10  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: RAC10  actor: Jack Weston
movieId: RAC10  actor: Raquel Welch
movieId: RAC10  actor: Yul Brynner
movieId: RAC10  actor: Tom Skerritt
movieId: RAC10  actor: James McEachin
movieId: RAC20  actor: Lorne Greene
movieId: RAC20  actor: Richard Hatch
movieId: RAC20  actor: Dirk Benedict
movieId: RAC20  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: RAC20  actor: Lew Ayres
movieId: RAC20  actor: Jane Seymour
movieId: RAC20  actor: Laurette Spang
movieId: RaH10  actor: William Hurt
movieId: RaH10  actor: Christine Lahti
movieId: RaH10  actor: Charlie Korsmo
movieId: RaH10  actor: Elizabeth Perkins
movieId: RaH10  actor: Mandy Patinkin
movieId: RaH10  actor: Adam Arkin
movieId: RaH15  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: RaH15  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: RaH15  actor: Shirley MacLaine
movieId: RaH15  actor: Piper Laurie
movieId: RaH15  actor: Sandra Bullock
movieId: RaI50  actor: Errol Flynn
movieId: RaI50  actor: Eve Gray
movieId: RaI50  actor: Paul Graetz
movieId: RaI50  actor: Molly Lamont
movieId: RaI50  actor: Ellis Irving
movieId: RaK3  actor: John Travolta
movieId: RaK3  actor: Glynnis OConnor
movieId: RaK5  actor: Olivia NewtonJohn
movieId: RaK5  actor: Stockard Channing
movieId: RaK5  actor: Eve Arden
movieId: RaK5  actor: Frankie Avalon
movieId: RaK5  actor: Joan Blondell
movieId: RaK5  actor: Edd Byrnes
movieId: RaK5  actor: Sid Caesar
movieId: RaK5  actor: Aloce Ghostley
movieId: RaK5  actor: Sha Na Na
movieId: RaK5  actor: Jeff Conaway
movieId: RaK5  actor: Barry Pearl
movieId: RaK5  actor: Michael Tucci
movieId: RaK7  actor: Brooke Shields
movieId: RaK7  actor: Christopher Atkins
movieId: RaK7  actor: Leo McKern
movieId: RaK7  actor: William Daniels
movieId: RaK8  actor: Daryl Hannah
movieId: RaK8  actor: Valerie Quinnessen
movieId: RaK8  actor: Peter Gallagher
movieId: RaK9  actor: C. Thomas Howell
movieId: RaK9  actor: Jamie Lee Curtis
movieId: RaK9  actor: Patrick Swayze
movieId: RaK9  actor: s a
movieId: RaK9  actor: Troy Donahue
movieId: RaK10  actor: Paul Reubens
movieId: RaK10  actor: s a
movieId: RaK10  actor: s a
movieId: RaK12  actor: Lynn Redgrave
movieId: RaK12  actor: Jesse Birdsall
movieId: RaK12  actor: Helena Bonham Carter
movieId: RaK12  actor: s a
movieId: RaK12  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: RaK12  actor: Peter Cook
movieId: RaK15  actor: Rick Moranis
movieId: RaK15  actor: Daniel Shalikar
movieId: RaK15  actor: Joshua Shalikar
movieId: RaK15  actor: Marcia Strassman
movieId: RaK15  actor: Jared Rushton
movieId: RaK15  actor: Lloyd E. Bridges
movieId: RaK15  actor: Ken Russell
movieId: RaK15  actor: Keri Rissell
movieId: RAl20  actor: Carol Linley
movieId: RAl20  actor: Jeanette Nolan
movieId: RAl20  actor: Vince Edwards
movieId: RAl20  actor: Stephen Joyce
movieId: RAl20  actor: Rusty Lane
movieId: RAl20  actor: Frank Marlowe
movieId: RAl50  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: RAl50  actor: James Caan
movieId: RAl50  actor: Barbara Baxley
movieId: RAl50  actor: Steve Ihnat
movieId: RAl50  actor: Ted Knight
movieId: RAl55  actor: Jean Simmons
movieId: RAl55  actor: John Forsythe
movieId: RAl55  actor: Shirley Jones
movieId: RAl55  actor: Lloyd Bridges
movieId: RAl55  actor: Theresa Wright
movieId: RAl55  actor: Nanette fabray
movieId: RAl55  actor: Bobby Darin
movieId: RAl55  actor: Tina Louise
movieId: RAl56  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: RAl56  actor: Elliott Gould
movieId: RAl56  actor: Tom Skerritt
movieId: RAl56  actor: Sally Kellerman
movieId: RAl56  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: RAl56  actor: Jo Ann Pflug
movieId: RAl56  actor: Rene Auberjonois
movieId: RAl56  actor: Roger Bowen
movieId: RAl56  actor: Gary Burghoff
movieId: RAl56  actor: David Arkin
movieId: RAl56  actor: Kim Atwood
movieId: RAl56  actor: John Schuck
movieId: RAl62  actor: Sally Kellerman
movieId: RAl62  actor: Bud Cort
movieId: RAl62  actor: Michael Murphy
movieId: RAl62  actor: Shelley Duvall
movieId: RAl62  actor: Stacy Keach
movieId: RAl62  actor: Jennifer Salt
movieId: RAl62  actor: William Windom
movieId: RAl62  actor: Margaret Hamilton
movieId: RAl62  actor: Rene Auberjonois
movieId: RAl68  actor: Warren Beatty
movieId: RAl68  actor: Julie Christie
movieId: RAl68  actor: Rene Auberjonois
movieId: RAl68  actor: Shelley Duvall
movieId: RAl68  actor: John Schuck
movieId: RAl69  actor: Susannah York
movieId: RAl69  actor: Rene Auberjonois
movieId: RAl69  actor: Marcel Bozuffi
movieId: RAl69  actor: Hugh Millais
movieId: RAl69  actor: Cathryn Harrison
movieId: RAl70  actor: Elliott Gould
movieId: RAl70  actor: Nina vanPallandt
movieId: RAl70  actor: Sterling Hayden
movieId: RAl70  actor: Mark Rydell
movieId: RAl70  actor: Henry Gibson
movieId: RAl70  actor: David Arkin
movieId: RAl71  actor: Shelley Duvall
movieId: RAl71  actor: Louise Fletcher
movieId: RAl71  actor: Keith Carradine
movieId: RAl71  actor: John Schuck
movieId: RAl71  actor: Bert Remsen
movieId: RAl71  actor: Tom Skerritt
movieId: RAl72  actor: Elliott Gould
movieId: RAl72  actor: George Segal
movieId: RAl72  actor: Gwen Welles
movieId: RAl72  actor: Ann Prentiss
movieId: RAl72  actor: Joseph Walsh
movieId: RAl72  actor: Barbara Ruick
movieId: RAl73  actor: David Arkin
movieId: RAl73  actor: Barbara Baxley
movieId: RAl73  actor: Richard Baskin
movieId: RAl73  actor: Ned Beatty
movieId: RAl73  actor: Karen Black
movieId: RAl73  actor: Ronee Blakley
movieId: RAl73  actor: Keith Carradine
movieId: RAl73  actor: Geraldine Chaplin
movieId: RAl73  actor: Julie Christie
movieId: RAl73  actor: Robert Doqui
movieId: RAl73  actor: Shelley Duvall
movieId: RAl73  actor: Henry Gibson
movieId: RAl73  actor: Scott Glenn
movieId: RAl73  actor: Jeff Goldblum
movieId: RAl73  actor: Elliott Gould
movieId: RAl73  actor: Barbara Harris
movieId: RAl73  actor: Michael Murphy
movieId: RAl73  actor: Shirley Jones
movieId: RAl73  actor: Allan Nicholls
movieId: RAl73  actor: Rod Steiger
movieId: RAl73  actor: Lily Tomlin
movieId: RAl73  actor: Christina Raines
movieId: RAl73  actor: Gwen Welles
movieId: RAl73  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: RAl74  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: RAl74  actor: Joel Grey
movieId: RAl74  actor: Kevin McCarthy
movieId: RAl74  actor: Bert Remsen
movieId: RAl74  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: RAl74  actor: Geraldine Chapman
movieId: RAl74  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: RAl74  actor: Frank Kaquitts
movieId: RAl74  actor: Will Sampson
movieId: RAl75  actor: Shelley Duvall
movieId: RAl75  actor: Sissy Spacek
movieId: RAl75  actor: Janice Rule
movieId: RAl76  actor: Carol Burnett
movieId: RAl76  actor: Pat McCormick
movieId: RAl76  actor: Amy Stryker
movieId: RAl80  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: RAl80  actor: Shelley Duvall
movieId: RAl85  actor: Sandy Dennis
movieId: RAl85  actor: Karen Black
movieId: RAl85  actor: Cher
movieId: RAl85  actor: Sudie Bond
movieId: RAl85  actor: Kathy Bates
movieId: RAl85  actor: Marta Heflin
movieId: RAl85  actor: Mark Patton
movieId: RAl87  actor: Matthew Modine
movieId: RAl87  actor: Michael Wright
movieId: RAl87  actor: Mitchell Lichtenstein
movieId: RAl87  actor: David Alan Grier
movieId: RAl87  actor: Guy Boyd
movieId: RAl87  actor: George Dzunda
movieId: RAl88  actor: Philip Baker Hall
movieId: RAl90  actor: Tim Roth
movieId: RAl90  actor: Paul Rhys
movieId: RAl90  actor: JeanPierre Cassel
movieId: RAl90  actor: Wladimir Yourdanoff
movieId: RAl90  actor: Johanne terSteege
movieId: RAl90  actor: Hans Kesting
movieId: RAl90  actor: Jip Wijngaarden
movieId: RAl90  actor: Bernadette Giraurd
movieId: RAl93  actor: Tim Robbins
movieId: RAl93  actor: Vincent dOnofrio
movieId: RAl93  actor: Peter Gallagher
movieId: RAl93  actor: Greta Scacchi
movieId: RAl93  actor: Dean Stockwell
movieId: RAl93  actor: Richard E. Grant
movieId: RAl93  actor: Fred Ward
movieId: RAl93  actor: Whoopie Goldberg
movieId: RAl93  actor: Lyle Lovett
movieId: RAl93  actor: Randall Batinkoff
movieId: RAl93  actor: Cher
movieId: RAl93  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: RAl93  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: RAl93  actor: Anjelica Huston
movieId: RAl93  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: RAl93  actor: Bruce Willis
movieId: RAl93  actor: Lilie Tomlin
movieId: RAl93  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: RAl93  actor: Julia Roberts
movieId: RAl93  actor: Andie McDowell
movieId: RAl93  actor: s a
movieId: RAl93  actor: Dina Merrill
movieId: RAl93  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: RAl93  actor: Brion James
movieId: RAl93  actor: Cynthia Stevenson
movieId: RAl93  actor: Dean Stockell
movieId: RAl93  actor: Angela Hall
movieId: RAl93  actor: Richard E. Grant
movieId: RAl93  actor: Tim Robbins
movieId: RAl93  actor: Peter Gallagher
movieId: RAl93  actor: Buck Henry
movieId: RAl95  actor: Bruce Davison
movieId: RAl95  actor: Andie MacDowell
movieId: RAl95  actor: Zane Cassidy
movieId: RAl95  actor: Jennifer Jason Leigh
movieId: RAl95  actor: s a
movieId: RAl95  actor: Mathew Modine
movieId: RAl95  actor: Julianne Moore
movieId: RAl95  actor: Lily Tomlin
movieId: RAl95  actor: Tom Waits
movieId: RAl95  actor: Madeleine Stowe
movieId: RAl95  actor: Tim Robbins
movieId: RAl95  actor: Lyle Lovett
movieId: RAl95  actor: Anne Archer
movieId: RAl95  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: RAl95  actor: Lori Singer
movieId: RAl95  actor: Annie Ross
movieId: RAl98  actor: Sophie Loren
movieId: RAl98  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: RAl98  actor: Forest Whitaker
movieId: RAl98  actor: Lauren Bacall
movieId: RAl98  actor: Tim Robbins
movieId: RAl98  actor: Julia Roberts
movieId: RAl104  actor: Glenn Close
movieId: RAl104  actor: Julianne Moore
movieId: RAl104  actor: Charles S. Dutton
movieId: RAl104  actor: Patricia Neal
movieId: RAl104  actor: Ned Beatty
movieId: RAl104  actor: Lyle Lovett
movieId: RAl104  actor: Chris ODonnell
movieId: RAl104  actor: Liv Tyler
movieId: RAl104  actor: Courtney B. Vance
movieId: RAl104  actor: Matt Malloy
movieId: RAl104  actor: Donald Moffat
movieId: RAl104  actor: Nancy Nash
movieId: RAl106  actor: Michael Gambon
movieId: RAl106  actor: Kristin Scott Thomas
movieId: RAl106  actor: Maggie Smith
movieId: RAl106  actor: Stephen Fry
movieId: RAl106  actor: sa
movieId: RAl106  actor: sa
movieId: RAl106  actor: sa
movieId: RAl106  actor: sa
movieId: RAl106  actor: sa
movieId: RAl106  actor: sa
movieId: RAl106  actor: sa
movieId: RAl106  actor: sa
movieId: RAl106  actor: sa
movieId: RAl106  actor: sa
movieId: RAl106  actor: sa
movieId: RAl106  actor: sa
movieId: RaM10  actor: Edward James Olmos
movieId: RaR10  actor: Chiara Mastroianni
movieId: RaR10  actor: Melvin Poupaud
movieId: RaR10  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: RaR12  actor: Ann Poirot
movieId: RaR12  actor: William Baldwin
movieId: RaR12  actor: Ann Parillaud
movieId: RaR12  actor: William Baldwin
movieId: RaR12  actor: Graham Greene
movieId: RaR12  actor: Lee Ann Fleck
movieId: RaR13  actor: s a
movieId: RaR13  actor: Catherine Deneuve
movieId: RaR13  actor: Emmanuelle Beart
movieId: RaR13  actor: MarieFrance Pisier
movieId: RAs10  actor: Terry-Thomas
movieId: RAs10  actor: Athene Seyler
movieId: RAs10  actor: Hattie Jacques
movieId: RAs10  actor: s a
movieId: RAs10  actor: Billie Whitelaw
movieId: RaT1  actor: Carol Marsh
movieId: RaT1  actor: David Tomlinson
movieId: RaT1  actor: Mervyn Johns
movieId: RaT1  actor: Peter Hammond
movieId: RaT1  actor: Jimmy Edwards
movieId: RaT1  actor: Richard Hearne
movieId: RaT1  actor: John Pertwee
movieId: RaT1  actor: TerryThomas
movieId: RaT1  actor: Howard Caine
movieId: RaT9  actor: David Niven
movieId: RaT9  actor: Glynis Johns
movieId: RaT9  actor: George Coulouris
movieId: RaT9  actor: Barry Jones
movieId: RaT9  actor: Kenneth More
movieId: RaT9  actor: Noel Purcell
movieId: RaT9  actor: Bernard Lee
movieId: RaT9  actor: Jeremy Spenser
movieId: RaT16  actor: Brigitte Bardot
movieId: RaT16  actor: Dirk Bogarde
movieId: RaT16  actor: Brenda deBanzie
movieId: RaT16  actor: James Robertson Justice
movieId: RaT16  actor: Maurice Denham
movieId: RaT16  actor: Michael Medwin
movieId: RaT16  actor: George Coulouris
movieId: RaT21  actor: Dirk Bogarde
movieId: RaT21  actor: Muriel Pavlow
movieId: RaT21  actor: James Robertson Justice
movieId: RaT22  actor: Dirk Bogarde
movieId: RaT26  actor: Kenneth Moore
movieId: RaT26  actor: Taine Ely
movieId: RaT26  actor: Barry Jones
movieId: RaT26  actor: Faith Brook
movieId: RaT26  actor: Brenda deBanzie
movieId: RaT26  actor: Duncan Lamont
movieId: RaT26  actor: James Hayter
movieId: RaT26  actor: Michael Goodliffe
movieId: RaT26  actor: Reginald Beckwith
movieId: RaT30  actor: Michael Craig
movieId: RaT30  actor: Mary Peach
movieId: RaT30  actor: Brenda deBanzie
movieId: RaT30  actor: James Robertson Justice
movieId: RaT30  actor: Roland Culver
movieId: RaT30  actor: Liz Fraser
movieId: RaT30  actor: Charles Heslop
movieId: RaT36  actor: Richard Johnson
movieId: RaT38  actor: Richard Johnson
movieId: RaT42  actor: Hywel Bennett
movieId: RaT42  actor: Elke Sommer
movieId: RaT42  actor: Britt Ekland
movieId: RaT42  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: RaT42  actor: Tracy Reed
movieId: RaT46  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: RaT46  actor: Elke Sommer
movieId: RaT46  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: RaT46  actor: Milo OShea
movieId: RaT46  actor: Julie Ege
movieId: RaT46  actor: George Couloris
movieId: RAu10  actor: Ann Michele
movieId: RAu10  actor: Patricia Haines
movieId: RAu40  actor: Robert Vaughn
movieId: RAu40  actor: David McCallum
movieId: RaW2  actor: Douglas Fairbanks~sr
movieId: RaW2  actor: Julanna Johnston
movieId: RaW2  actor: Snitz Edwards
movieId: RaW2  actor: Charles Belcher
movieId: RaW2  actor: Anna May Wong
movieId: RaW2  actor: Etta Lee
movieId: RaW2  actor: Brandon Hurst
movieId: RaW2  actor: Sojin
movieId: RaW2  actor: sr
movieId: RaW20  actor: Dolores DelRio
movieId: RaW20  actor: Victor McLaglen
movieId: RaW24  actor: Gloria Swanson
movieId: RaW44  actor: Elissa Landi
movieId: RaW44  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: RaW44  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: RaW47  actor: George Raft
movieId: RaW47  actor: Wallace Beery
movieId: RaW47  actor: Pert Kelton
movieId: RaW47  actor: Jackie Cooper
movieId: RaW47  actor: Fay Wray
movieId: RaW47  actor: Herman Bing
movieId: RaW59  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: RaW59  actor: Jimmy Cagney
movieId: RaW59  actor: Jeffrey Lynn
movieId: RaW59  actor: Gladys George
movieId: RaW59  actor: Frank McHugh
movieId: RaW59  actor: Paul Kelley
movieId: RaW59  actor: Elizabeth Risdon
movieId: RaW59  actor: Pricilla Lane
movieId: RaW59  actor: Jeffrey Lynn
movieId: RaW59  actor: Edward Keane
movieId: RaW59  actor: Joseph Sawyer
movieId: RaW59  actor: Joseph Crehan
movieId: RaW59  actor: George Meeker
movieId: RaW59  actor: John Hamilton
movieId: RaW59  actor: Robert Elliott
movieId: RaW59  actor: Eddie Chandler
movieId: RaW59  actor: Abner Biberman
movieId: RaW59  actor: Vera Lewis
movieId: RaW59  actor: Elliott Sullivan
movieId: RaW59  actor: Bert Hanlon
movieId: RaW59  actor: Murray Alper
movieId: RaW59  actor: Dick Wessel
movieId: RaW59  actor: George Humbert
movieId: RaW59  actor: Ben Weldon
movieId: RaW61  actor: George Raft
movieId: RaW61  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: RaW61  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: RaW61  actor: Ida Lupino
movieId: RaW61  actor: Ann Sheridan
movieId: RaW61  actor: George Tobias
movieId: RaW61  actor: Gale Page
movieId: RaW61  actor: Henry ONeill
movieId: RaW61  actor: Roscoe Karns
movieId: RaW61  actor: John Litel
movieId: RaW61  actor: Paul Hurst
movieId: RaW61  actor: John Ridgely
movieId: RaW61  actor: George Lloyd
movieId: RaW61  actor: Joyce Compton
movieId: RaW61  actor: Charles Wilson
movieId: RaW62  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: RaW62  actor: Ida Lupino
movieId: RaW62  actor: Joan Leslie
movieId: RaW62  actor: Alan Curtis
movieId: RaW62  actor: Artthur Kennedy
movieId: RaW62  actor: Henry Hull
movieId: RaW62  actor: Henry Travers
movieId: RaW63  actor: Errol Flynn
movieId: RaW63  actor: Olivia deHavilland
movieId: RaW63  actor: Arthur Kennedy
movieId: RaW63  actor: Sydney Greenstreet
movieId: RaW63  actor: Charles Grapwin
movieId: RaW63  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: RaW63  actor: Sidney Greenstreet
movieId: RaW63  actor: Gene Lockhart
movieId: RaW63  actor: Stanley ridges
movieId: RaW63  actor: John Litel
movieId: RaW63  actor: Walter Hampden
movieId: RaW63  actor: Regis Toomey
movieId: RaW63  actor: Hattie mcDaniel
movieId: RaW64  actor: Jimmy Cagney
movieId: RaW64  actor: Olivia deHavilland
movieId: RaW64  actor: Rita Hayworth
movieId: RaW64  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: RaW64  actor: George Tobias
movieId: RaW64  actor: Jack Carson
movieId: RaW64  actor: Una OConnor
movieId: RaW64  actor: George Reeves
movieId: RaW65  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: RaW65  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: RaW65  actor: George Raft
movieId: RaW66  actor: Errol Flynn
movieId: RaW66  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: RaW66  actor: Ronald Reagan
movieId: RaW66  actor: Nancy Coleman
movieId: RaW66  actor: Raymond Massey
movieId: RaW66  actor: Arthur Kennedy
movieId: RaW66  actor: Ronald Sinclair
movieId: RaW66  actor: Albert Basserman
movieId: RaW66  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: RaW66  actor: Ilka Gruning
movieId: RaW66  actor: Pat OMoore
movieId: RaW67  actor: Errol Flynn
movieId: RaW72  actor: Ida Lupino
movieId: RaW72  actor: Robert Alda
movieId: RaW72  actor: Andrea King
movieId: RaW72  actor: Martha Vickers
movieId: RaW72  actor: Bruce Bennett
movieId: RaW72  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: RaW73  actor: Dennis Morgan
movieId: RaW73  actor: Dorothy Malone
movieId: RaW73  actor: Janis Paige
movieId: RaW73  actor: Don Defore
movieId: RaW73  actor: Ben Blue
movieId: RaW74  actor: Jimmy Cagney
movieId: RaW77  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: RaW77  actor: Max Steiner
movieId: RaW78  actor: Richard Newton
movieId: RaW78  actor: Linda Darnell
movieId: RaW78  actor: William Bendix
movieId: RaW78  actor: Keith Andes
movieId: RaW78  actor: Torin Thatcher
movieId: RaW78  actor: Irene Ryan
movieId: RaW78  actor: Alan Mowbray
movieId: RaW78  actor: Shelton Knaggs
movieId: RaW78  actor: Richard Egan
movieId: RaW78  actor: Anthony Caruso
movieId: RaW78  actor: Jack Lambert
movieId: RaW80  actor: Rock Hudson
movieId: RaW81  actor: Gerard Oury
movieId: RaW82  actor: Van Heflin
movieId: RaW82  actor: Aldo Ray
movieId: RaW82  actor: Mona Freeman
movieId: RaW82  actor: Dorothy Malone
movieId: RaW82  actor: Raymond Massey
movieId: RaW82  actor: Nancy Olson
movieId: RaW82  actor: James Whitney
movieId: RaW82  actor: Tab Hunter
movieId: RaW82  actor: Anne Francis
movieId: RaW82  actor: William Campbell
movieId: RaW85  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: RaW85  actor: Yvonne deCarlo
movieId: RaW85  actor: Sidney Poitier
movieId: RaW85  actor: Efren Zimbalist~jr.
movieId: RaW85  actor: Patric Knowles
movieId: RaW85  actor: Rex Reason
movieId: RaW85  actor: Torin Thatcher
movieId: RaW85  actor: Andrea King
movieId: RBa12  actor: Kim Basinger
movieId: RBa12  actor: Gabriel Byrne
movieId: RBa12  actor: Brad Pitt
movieId: RBB10  actor: Renee Taylor
movieId: RBB10  actor: Joe Bologna
movieId: RbC1  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: RbC1  actor: Keye Luke
movieId: RbC1  actor: Richard Egan
movieId: RbC1  actor: Leslie Nielsen
movieId: RbC1  actor: Bradford Dillman
movieId: RbC10  actor: Bruce Lee
movieId: RbC10  actor: John Saxon
movieId: RbC10  actor: Jim Kelly
movieId: RbC10  actor: Ahna Capri
movieId: RbC20  actor: Joe Don Baker
movieId: RbC20  actor: Hope Alexander-Wells
movieId: RbC28  actor: Patricia Neal
movieId: RbC28  actor: Bobby Darin
movieId: RbC28  actor: Cloris Leachman
movieId: RbC28  actor: Ron Howard
movieId: RbD3  actor: Arnold Johnson
movieId: RbD3  actor: Laura Greene
movieId: RbD3  actor: Stan Gottlieb
movieId: RbD3  actor: Antonio Fargas
movieId: RbD3  actor: Alan Arbus
movieId: RbD3  actor: Alan Abel
movieId: RbD3  actor: Alan Garfield
movieId: RbD3  actor: David Kirk
movieId: RbD3  actor: Mel Brooks
movieId: RbD3  actor: Robert Downey
movieId: RbD3  actor: George Marshall
movieId: RbD3  actor: Spunky-Funk Johnson
movieId: RbD3  actor: Pepi Hermine
movieId: RbD3  actor: Ruth Hermine
movieId: RbD10  actor: Albert Henderson
movieId: RbD10  actor: Allan Arbus
movieId: RbD10  actor: Michael Sullivan
movieId: RbD10  actor: Luana Anders
movieId: RbD10  actor: Herve Villechaize
movieId: RBe1  actor: Jeff bridges
movieId: RBe2  actor: Art Carney
movieId: RBe2  actor: Lily Tomlin
movieId: RBe2  actor: Eugene Roche
movieId: RBe2  actor: Bill Macy
movieId: RBe2  actor: Joanne Cassidy
movieId: RBe2  actor: Howard Duff
movieId: RBe2  actor: John Considine
movieId: RBe3  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: RBe3  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: RBe3  actor: Justin Henry
movieId: RBe3  actor: Jane Alexander
movieId: RBe3  actor: Howard Duff
movieId: RBe5  actor: Roy Scheider
movieId: RBe5  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: RBe5  actor: Jessica Tandy
movieId: RBe5  actor: Sara Botsford
movieId: RBe5  actor: Josef Somner
movieId: RBe5  actor: Joe Grifasi
movieId: RBe6  actor: John Malkovich
movieId: RBe6  actor: Danny Glover
movieId: RBe6  actor: Lindsay Crouse
movieId: RBe6  actor: Ed Harris
movieId: RBe6  actor: Amy Madigan
movieId: RBe6  actor: Sally Field
movieId: RBe12  actor: Loren Dean
movieId: RBe12  actor: Nicole Kidman
movieId: RBe12  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: RBe12  actor: Moira Kelly
movieId: RBe12  actor: Steven Hill
movieId: RBe15  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: RBe15  actor: Bruce Willis
movieId: RBe15  actor: Jessica Tandy
movieId: RBe15  actor: Melanie Griffith
movieId: RBe15  actor: Gene Saks
movieId: RBe19  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: RBe19  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: RBe19  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: RBe19  actor: Reese Witherspoon
movieId: RBe19  actor: Liev Schreiber
movieId: RBe19  actor: Margo Martindale
movieId: RBe19  actor: Stockard Channing
movieId: RBe19  actor: James Garner
movieId: RBe19  actor: Giancarlo Esposito
movieId: RBe19  actor: J.Emmet Walsh
movieId: RBe19  actor: John Spencer
movieId: RbG10  actor: Kenneth Tobin
movieId: RbG10  actor: Donald Curtis
movieId: RbG10  actor: Faith Domergue
movieId: RbH10  actor: JeanClaude vanDamme
movieId: RbH10  actor: Rosanna Arquette
movieId: RbH10  actor: Kieran Culkin
movieId: RbH10  actor: Ted Levine
movieId: RbH10  actor: Joss Ackland
movieId: RBi10  actor: Niholas Cage
movieId: RBi10  actor: Jennifer Beals
movieId: RBi10  actor: Maria Conchita Alonso
movieId: RBi10  actor: Elizabeth Ashley
movieId: RBi10  actor: Bob Lujan
movieId: RBl10  actor: Leslie Gilb
movieId: RBl10  actor: Rainbeaux Smith
movieId: RBl10  actor: Richard Blackburn
movieId: RbM1  actor: Peter Falk
movieId: RbM1  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: RbM1  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: RbM1  actor: Truman Capote
movieId: RbM1  actor: Estelle Winwood
movieId: RbM1  actor: Elsa Lanchester
movieId: RbM1  actor: Eileen Brennan
movieId: RbM1  actor: James Coco
movieId: RbM1  actor: David Niven
movieId: RbM1  actor: Maggie Smith
movieId: RbM1  actor: Nancy Walker
movieId: RbM10  actor: James Caan
movieId: RbM10  actor: Marsha Mason
movieId: RbM10  actor: Valerie Harper
movieId: RbM10  actor: Joseph Bologna
movieId: RBn10  actor: Craig Russell
movieId: RBn10  actor: Hollis McLaren
movieId: RbR1  actor: Rob Reiner
movieId: RbR1  actor: Christopher Guest
movieId: RbR1  actor: Harry Shearer
movieId: RbR1  actor: Michael McKean
movieId: RbR1  actor: Paul Benedict
movieId: RbR1  actor: Patrick MacNee
movieId: RbR1  actor: Billy Crystal
movieId: RbR1  actor: Fred Willard
movieId: RbR1  actor: Ed Begley~jr.
movieId: RbR1  actor: Howard Hesseman
movieId: RbR1  actor: Paul Shaffer
movieId: RbR1  actor: Gloria Gifford
movieId: RbR2  actor: River Phoenix
movieId: RbR3  actor: Cary Elwes
movieId: RbR3  actor: Mandy Patinkin
movieId: RbR3  actor: Chris Sarandon
movieId: RbR3  actor: Christopher Guest
movieId: RbR3  actor: Wallace Shawn
movieId: RbR3  actor: Andre theGiant
movieId: RbR3  actor: Fred Savage
movieId: RbR3  actor: Robin Wright
movieId: RbR3  actor: Peter Falk
movieId: RbR3  actor: Peter Cook
movieId: RbR3  actor: Mel Smith
movieId: RbR3  actor: Billy Crystal
movieId: RbR3  actor: Carol Kane
movieId: RbR3  actor: Anne Dyson
movieId: RbR3  actor: Willoughby Gray
movieId: RbR10  actor: Billy Crystal
movieId: RbR10  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: RbR10  actor: Bruno Kirby
movieId: RbR10  actor: Carrie Fisher
movieId: RbR10  actor: Harley Kozak
movieId: RbR12  actor: James Caan
movieId: RbR12  actor: Kathy Bates
movieId: RbR12  actor: Frances Sternhagen
movieId: RbR12  actor: Richard Farnsworth
movieId: RbR12  actor: Lauren Bacall
movieId: RbR14  actor: Tom Cruise
movieId: RbR14  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: RbR14  actor: Demi Moore
movieId: RbR14  actor: s a
movieId: RbR14  actor: s a
movieId: RbR14  actor: J.A. Preston
movieId: RbR14  actor: Michael deLeon
movieId: RbR17  actor: Michael Douglas
movieId: RbR17  actor: Annette Bening
movieId: RbR17  actor: Ellen Wade
movieId: RbR17  actor: Michael J.\ Fox
movieId: RbR17  actor: David Paymar
movieId: RbR17  actor: Martin Sheen
movieId: RbR17  actor: Nina
movieId: RbR17  actor: Samantha Mathis
movieId: RbR17  actor: Wendie Malick
movieId: RbR17  actor: Anna Devere Smith
movieId: RbR17  actor: Richard Dreyfuss
movieId: RbR17  actor: s a
movieId: RbR17  actor: John Mahoney
movieId: RbR18  actor: s a
movieId: RbR18  actor: James Wood
movieId: RbR18  actor: Alec Baldwin
movieId: RbR18  actor: Whoopie Goldberg
movieId: RbR22  actor: Bruce Willis
movieId: RbR22  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: RbR22  actor: s a
movieId: RbR22  actor: s a
movieId: RBS15  actor: Gene Tierney
movieId: RBS15  actor: Tyrone Power
movieId: RBS15  actor: Reginald Gardiner
movieId: RBS15  actor: Arleen Wheelan
movieId: RBS15  actor: Lucile Watson
movieId: RBS15  actor: Gene Lockhart
movieId: RBS15  actor: Porter Hall
movieId: RBS15  actor: Taylor Holmes
movieId: RBt6  actor: Richard Attenborough
movieId: RBt6  actor: Robert Flemyng
movieId: RBt6  actor: Cecil Trouncer
movieId: RBt6  actor: Sheila Sim
movieId: RBt6  actor: Bernard Miles
movieId: RBt6  actor: Joan Hickson
movieId: RBt17  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: RBt17  actor: Goldie Hawn
movieId: RBt17  actor: Diana Dors
movieId: RBt17  actor: Tony Britton
movieId: RBt17  actor: Nicky Henson
movieId: RBt17  actor: John Comer
movieId: RBt17  actor: Judy Campbell
movieId: Rbt20  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: RBt20  actor: Karen Black
movieId: RBt20  actor: Martin Landau
movieId: RBt20  actor: Dennis Christopher
movieId: RBu10  actor: Jim Dale
movieId: RBu10  actor: Jim Dale
movieId: RBu10  actor: Jim Dale
movieId: RBu10  actor: Karen Valentine
movieId: RBu10  actor: Don Knotts
movieId: RBu10  actor: Jack Elam
movieId: RBu15  actor: James Brolin
movieId: RBu15  actor: Cliff Gorman
movieId: RBu15  actor: Richard Castellano
movieId: RBu20  actor: Tim Matheson
movieId: RBu20  actor: Stephen Furst
movieId: RBu20  actor: Jennifer Runyon
movieId: RBu20  actor: James B. Sikking
movieId: RBu20  actor: John Hillerman
movieId: RbW10  actor: Shannon Dougherty
movieId: RBx10  actor: Benoit Poolvoorde
movieId: RBx10  actor: Andre Borzei
movieId: RBx10  actor: Remy Belvaux
movieId: RC9  actor: Rene Lefevre
movieId: RC9  actor: Annabella
movieId: RC10  actor: Raymond Cordy
movieId: RC10  actor: Henri Marchand
movieId: RC10  actor: Rolla France
movieId: RC10  actor: Paul Olivier
movieId: RC12  actor: Max Dearly
movieId: RC12  actor: s a
movieId: RC13  actor: Robert Donat
movieId: RC13  actor: Jean Parker
movieId: RC13  actor: Elsa Lanchester
movieId: RC13  actor: Eugene Palette
movieId: RC16  actor: Fredric March
movieId: RC16  actor: Veronica Lake
movieId: RC16  actor: Cecil Kellaway
movieId: RC16  actor: Robert Benchley
movieId: RC16  actor: Susan Hayward
movieId: RC16  actor: Elizabeth Patterson
movieId: RC16  actor: Robert Warwick
movieId: RC18  actor: Dick Powell
movieId: RC18  actor: Linda Darnell
movieId: RC18  actor: Jack Oakie
movieId: RC18  actor: John Philliber
movieId: RC18  actor: Edgar Kennedy
movieId: RC18  actor: Ed Brophy
movieId: RC18  actor: George Cleveland
movieId: RC18  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: RC19  actor: Barry Fitzgerald
movieId: RC19  actor: Walter Huston
movieId: RC19  actor: Louis Hayward
movieId: RC19  actor: Judith Anderson
movieId: RC19  actor: June Duprez
movieId: RC19  actor: Roland Young
movieId: RC19  actor: Mischa Auer
movieId: RC19  actor: Richard Haydn
movieId: RC19  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: RC19  actor: Queenie Leonard
movieId: RC19  actor: Harry Thurston
movieId: RC20  actor: Maurice Chevalier
movieId: RC21  actor: Michel Simon
movieId: RC21  actor: Gerard Philipe
movieId: RC21  actor: Raymond Cordy
movieId: RC21  actor: Nicole Besnard
movieId: RC21  actor: Gaston Modot
movieId: RC21  actor: Paolo Stoppa
movieId: RC22  actor: Gerard Philipe
movieId: RC22  actor: s a
movieId: RcB1  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: RcB1  actor: Jose Ferrer
movieId: RcB1  actor: Signe Hasso
movieId: RcB1  actor: Paula Raymond
movieId: RcB1  actor: Roman Navarro
movieId: RcB1  actor: Antonio Moreno
movieId: RcB1  actor: Leon Ames
movieId: RcB1  actor: Gilbert Roland
movieId: RcB3  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: RcB3  actor: Kim Hunter
movieId: RcB3  actor: Ethel Barrymore
movieId: RcB3  actor: Ed Begley
movieId: RcB3  actor: Paul Stewart
movieId: RcB3  actor: Warren Stevens
movieId: RcB3  actor: Martin Gabel
movieId: RcB3  actor: Joe deSantis
movieId: RcB3  actor: Audrey Christie
movieId: RcB3  actor: Jim Backus
movieId: RcB3  actor: Joyce McKenzie
movieId: RcB3  actor: Fay Baker
movieId: RcB5  actor: Van Johnson
movieId: RcB5  actor: Eva Gobor
movieId: RcB5  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: RcB5  actor: Roger Moore
movieId: RcB5  actor: Kurt Kaszner
movieId: RcB5  actor: Donna Reed
movieId: RcB5  actor: George Dolenz
movieId: RcB5  actor: Walter Pidgeon
movieId: RcB8  actor: Vic Morrow
movieId: RcB8  actor: Sidney Poitier
movieId: RcB8  actor: Glenn Ford
movieId: RcB8  actor: Anne Francis
movieId: RcB8  actor: Jamie Farr
movieId: RcB8  actor: Allison Hayes
movieId: RcB13  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: RcB13  actor: Burl Ives
movieId: RcB13  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: RcB13  actor: Jack Carson
movieId: RcB13  actor: Judith Anderson
movieId: RcB13  actor: Madelaine Sherwood
movieId: RcB13  actor: Larry Gates
movieId: RcB14  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: RcB14  actor: Jean Simmons
movieId: RcB14  actor: Arthur Kennedy
movieId: RcB14  actor: Shirley Jones
movieId: RcB14  actor: Dean Jagger
movieId: RcB14  actor: Edward Andrews
movieId: RcB14  actor: Arthur Kennedy
movieId: RcB14  actor: Patti Page
movieId: RcB14  actor: John McIntire
movieId: RcB14  actor: Rex Ingram
movieId: RcB14  actor: Hugh Marlowe
movieId: RcB14  actor: Philip Ober
movieId: RcB15  actor: Geraldine Page
movieId: RcB15  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: RcB15  actor: Rip Torn
movieId: RcB16  actor: Peter OToole
movieId: RcB16  actor: James Mason
movieId: RcB16  actor: Eli Wallach
movieId: RcB16  actor: Paul Lukas
movieId: RcB16  actor: Jack Hawkins
movieId: RcB16  actor: Daliah Lavi
movieId: RcB16  actor: Curt Jurgens
movieId: RcB16  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: RcB16  actor: Juzo Itami
movieId: RcB17  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: RcB17  actor: Lee Marvin
movieId: RcB17  actor: Robert Ryan
movieId: RcB17  actor: Jack Palance
movieId: RcB17  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: RcB17  actor: Claudia Cardinale
movieId: RcB17  actor: Woody Strode
movieId: RcB18  actor: Robert Blake
movieId: RcB18  actor: Scott Wilson
movieId: RcB18  actor: John Forsythe
movieId: RcB25  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: RcB25  actor: Candice Bergen
movieId: RcB25  actor: James Coburn
movieId: RcB25  actor: Jan-Michael Vincent
movieId: RcB25  actor: Ian Bannen
movieId: RcB25  actor: Ben Johnson
movieId: RcB30  actor: Diane Keaton
movieId: RcB30  actor: Tuesday Weld
movieId: RcB30  actor: William Atherton
movieId: RcB30  actor: Richard Kiley
movieId: RcB30  actor: Richard Gere
movieId: RcB30  actor: Alan Feinstein
movieId: RcB30  actor: Tom Berenger
movieId: RcB30  actor: Priscilla Pointer
movieId: RcB30  actor: LeVar Burton
movieId: RcB40  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: RcB40  actor: Katharine Ross
movieId: RcB40  actor: Robert Conrad
movieId: RcB40  actor: George Grizzard
movieId: RcB40  actor: Henry Silva
movieId: RcB40  actor: Hardy Kruger
movieId: RcB40  actor: Leslie Nielsen
movieId: RcB40  actor: John Saxon
movieId: RcB40  actor: G.D. Spradlin
movieId: RcB40  actor: Rosalind Cash
movieId: RcB40  actor: Ron Moody
movieId: RcB40  actor: Robert Webber
movieId: RcB40  actor: Dean Stockwell
movieId: RcB40  actor: Cherry McClain
movieId: RcB40  actor: Tony March
movieId: RcB40  actor: Marianne Marks
movieId: RcB40  actor: Jeffrey Wheat
movieId: RcB40  actor: Joseph Whipp
movieId: RcB40  actor: Tom McFadden
movieId: RcB40  actor: Jennifer Jason Leigh
movieId: RcB40  actor: Alexander Zale
movieId: RcF10  actor: Gino Cervi
movieId: RcF12  actor: Vittorio Gassman
movieId: RcF20  actor: Gianne Maria Canale
movieId: RcF20  actor: Gianne Maria Canale
movieId: RcF20  actor: Gianne Maria Canale
movieId: RcF26  actor: Steve Reeves
movieId: RcF26  actor: Renato Baldini
movieId: RcF26  actor: Scilla Gabel
movieId: RcF26  actor: Georgia Moll
movieId: RcF26  actor: Nikola Popovic
movieId: RcF30  actor: Robert Flemyng
movieId: RcF30  actor: Barbara Steele
movieId: RcF30  actor: Harriet Medin
movieId: RcF30  actor: Montgomery Glen
movieId: RcF30  actor: Maria Therese Vianello
movieId: RcF30  actor: Spencer Williams
movieId: RcF34  actor: Meynier
movieId: RcF34  actor: Rosemarie Dexter
movieId: RCh10  actor: Patrick Stewart
movieId: RCh10  actor: Brenda Ficker
movieId: RCh10  actor: Vincent Kartheiser
movieId: RCh10  actor: Brad Whitford
movieId: RCh10  actor: Matt Craven
movieId: RCj10  actor: Pablo Ferrez
movieId: RCj10  actor: Hugo Stiglitz
movieId: RCj11  actor: Jennifer Ashley
movieId: RCj11  actor: Susan George
movieId: RCj11  actor: Hugo Stiglitz
movieId: RCj11  actor: Pablo Ferrez
movieId: RCj11  actor: Fiona Lewis
movieId: RCj20  actor: Stuart Whitman
movieId: RCj20  actor: Bradford Dillman
movieId: RCj20  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: RCj20  actor: John Ireland
movieId: RCj20  actor: Gene Barry
movieId: RCj20  actor: Yvonne deCarlo
movieId: RCj20  actor: Jennifer Ashley
movieId: RCj20  actor: Pablo Ferrez
movieId: RCj20  actor: Hugo Stiglitz
movieId: RCl4  actor: Jean Gabin
movieId: RCl4  actor: Isa Miranda
movieId: RCl4  actor: Vera Taichi
movieId: RCl5  actor: Brigitte Fossey
movieId: RCl5  actor: Georges Poujouly
movieId: RCll0  actor: Alain Delon
movieId: RCl13  actor: Gert Frobe
movieId: RCl13  actor: Billy Frick
movieId: RCl13  actor: JeanPaul Belmondo
movieId: RCl13  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: RCm10  actor: Alan Vint
movieId: RCm10  actor: Cheryl Waters
movieId: RCm10  actor: Geoffrey Lewis
movieId: RCm10  actor: Joan Blackman
movieId: RCm10  actor: Jesse Vint
movieId: RCm10  actor: Max Baer
movieId: RCm15  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: RCm15  actor: Don Johnson
movieId: RCm15  actor: Robin Mattson
movieId: RCm15  actor: Robert Viharo
movieId: RCm15  actor: Eugene Daniels
movieId: RCn10  actor: Robert Hays
movieId: RCn10  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: RCn10  actor: Jim Dale
movieId: RCn10  actor: Pamela Stephenson
movieId: RCn30  actor: Jason Scott Lee
movieId: RCn30  actor: Lauren Holly
movieId: RCn30  actor: Michael Learned
movieId: RCn30  actor: Robert Wagner
movieId: RCn30  actor: John Cheung
movieId: RCn36  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: RCn39  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: RCn39  actor: Amy Brenneman
movieId: RCo3  actor: Marie Windsor
movieId: RCo3  actor: Carole Matthews
movieId: RCo3  actor: Beverly Garland
movieId: RCo3  actor: Jil Jarmyn
movieId: RCo3  actor: Touch Connors
movieId: RCo3  actor: Susan Cummings
movieId: RCo4  actor: Lee VanCleef
movieId: RCo9  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: RCo11  actor: Richard Garland
movieId: RCo11  actor: Pamela Duncan
movieId: RCo11  actor: Russell Johnson
movieId: RCo11  actor: Mel Welles
movieId: RCo11  actor: Ed Nelson
movieId: RCo14  actor: Charles bronson
movieId: RCo14  actor: Susan Cabot
movieId: RCo14  actor: Maury Amsrdam
movieId: RCo14  actor: Barboura Morris
movieId: RCo14  actor: Frank deCova
movieId: RCo14  actor: Jack Lambert
movieId: RCo14  actor: Wally Campo
movieId: RCo15  actor: Steve Cochran
movieId: RCo15  actor: Lita Milan
movieId: RCo15  actor: Lili St.Cyr
movieId: RCo15  actor: Yvette Wickers
movieId: RCo15  actor: Grant Withers
movieId: RCo15  actor: Celia Lovsky
movieId: RCo15  actor: Robert Strauss
movieId: RCo23  actor: Susan Cabot
movieId: RCo23  actor: Anthony Eisley
movieId: RCo23  actor: Barboura Morris
movieId: RCo23  actor: Michael Mark
movieId: RCo23  actor: Bruno VeSota
movieId: RCo24  actor: Dick Miller
movieId: RCo24  actor: s a
movieId: RCo24  actor: Barbara Morris
movieId: RCo24  actor: Anthony Carbone
movieId: RCo24  actor: Ed Nelson
movieId: RCo24  actor: Bert Convy
movieId: RCo26  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: RCo26  actor: Myrna Fahet
movieId: RCo26  actor: Mark Damon
movieId: RCo26  actor: Harry Ellerbe
movieId: RCo27  actor: Jonathan Hare
movieId: RCo27  actor: Mel Welles
movieId: RCo27  actor: Dick Miller
movieId: RCo27  actor: Jackie Joseph
movieId: RCo27  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: RCo27  actor: Gravis Mushnik
movieId: RCo30  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: RCo30  actor: Barbara Steele
movieId: RCo30  actor: John Kerr
movieId: RCo32  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: RCo34  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: RCo34  actor: Maggie Pr.
movieId: RCo34  actor: s a
movieId: RCo34  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: RCo34  actor: Debra Paget
movieId: RCo34  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: RCo34  actor: Wally Campo
movieId: RCo34  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: RCo34  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: RCo34  actor: Debra Paget
movieId: RCo34  actor: Rilke Mathews
movieId: RCo34  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: RCo35  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: RCo35  actor: Michael Pate
movieId: RCo35  actor: Joan Freeman
movieId: RCo35  actor: Sandra Knight
movieId: RCo36  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: RCo36  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: RCo36  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: RCo36  actor: Hazel Court
movieId: RCo36  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: RCo37  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: RCo37  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: RCo37  actor: Sandra Knight
movieId: RCo37  actor: Dick Miller
movieId: RCo37  actor: Jonathan Haze
movieId: RCo38  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: RCo38  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: RCo38  actor: Debra Paget
movieId: RCo38  actor: Lon Chaney~jr.
movieId: RCo38  actor: Milton Parsons
movieId: RCo38  actor: Elisha Cook~jr.
movieId: RCo38  actor: Leo Gordon
movieId: RCo38  actor: Barbara Morris
movieId: RCo38  actor: Bruno VeSota
movieId: RCo41  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: RCo43  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: RCo43  actor: Elizabeth Sheperd
movieId: RCo43  actor: John Westbrook
movieId: RCo43  actor: Oliver Johnson
movieId: RCo43  actor: Richard Johnson
movieId: RCo43  actor: Derek Frances
movieId: RCo44  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: RCo44  actor: Peter Fonda
movieId: RCo44  actor: Nancy Sinatra
movieId: RCo44  actor: Michael J. Polard
movieId: RCo44  actor: Diane Ladd
movieId: RCo44  actor: Gayle Hunnicutt
movieId: RCo46  actor: Peter Fonda
movieId: RCo46  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: RCo46  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: RCo47  actor: Robert DeNiro
movieId: RCo47  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: RCo47  actor: Don Stroud
movieId: RCo47  actor: Robert Walden
movieId: RCo47  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: RCo47  actor: Pat Hingle
movieId: RCo47  actor: Clint Kimbrough
movieId: RCo47  actor: Diane Varsi
movieId: RCo47  actor: Scatman Crothers
movieId: RCo48  actor: Robert Corff
movieId: RCo48  actor: Elaine Giftos
movieId: RCo48  actor: Talia Coppola
movieId: RCo48  actor: Cindy Williams
movieId: RCo48  actor: Ben Vereen
movieId: RCo48  actor: Bud Cort
movieId: RCo48  actor: s a
movieId: RCo48  actor: Country Joe and the Fish
movieId: RCo49  actor: Richard Bach
movieId: RCo70  actor: Marc Singer
movieId: RCo70  actor: s a
movieId: RCS10  actor: Rudolph Valentino
movieId: RCS10  actor: Alla Nazimova
movieId: RtC10  actor: Rod Taylor
movieId: RtC10  actor: Ahna Capri
movieId: RtC10  actor: Suzy Kendall
movieId: RtC10  actor: Jan Russell
movieId: RtC10  actor: Theodore Bikel
movieId: RtC10  actor: s a
movieId: RCu10  actor: Donald Murphy
movieId: RCu10  actor: s a
movieId: RCu10  actor: Sandra Knight
movieId: RCu10  actor: s a
movieId: RCu10  actor: John Ashley
movieId: RCu10  actor: Sally Todd
movieId: RCu10  actor: Harold Lloyd~jr.
movieId: RCu10  actor: Robert Dix
movieId: RCu12  actor: Richard Travis
movieId: RCu12  actor: Gary Clarke
movieId: RCu12  actor: Laurie Mitchell
movieId: RCu12  actor: Cathy Downs
movieId: RCv10  actor: Louis Javet
movieId: RCv10  actor: Daniel G\'elin
movieId: RCv10  actor: Dany Robin
movieId: RcW10  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: RcW16  actor: John Malkovich
movieId: RcW16  actor: Liev Schreiber
movieId: RD4  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: RD4  actor: Lee Remick
movieId: RD4  actor: Billie Whitelaw
movieId: RD4  actor: David Warner
movieId: RD4  actor: Harvey Stephens
movieId: RD4  actor: Leo McKern
movieId: RD4  actor: Martin Benson
movieId: RD5  actor: Christopher Reeve
movieId: RD5  actor: Margot Kidder
movieId: RD5  actor: s a
movieId: RD5  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: RD5  actor: Ned Beatty
movieId: RD5  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: RD5  actor: Valerie Perrine
movieId: RD5  actor: Susannah York
movieId: RD5  actor: Jackie Cooper
movieId: RD5  actor: Trevor Howard
movieId: RD5  actor: Glenn Ford
movieId: RD5  actor: s a
movieId: RD5  actor: s a
movieId: RD5  actor: Noel Neill
movieId: RD5  actor: Kirk Alyn
movieId: RD7  actor: John Savage
movieId: RD7  actor: Diana Scarwid
movieId: RD7  actor: David Morse
movieId: RD7  actor: Harold Russell
movieId: RD8  actor: Richard Pryor
movieId: RD8  actor: Jackie Gleason
movieId: RD8  actor: Scott Schwartz
movieId: RD8  actor: Teresa Ganzel
movieId: RD8  actor: Wilfred Hyde-White
movieId: RD8  actor: Ned Beatty
movieId: RD9  actor: Matthew Broderick
movieId: RD9  actor: Rutger Hauer
movieId: RD9  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: RD9  actor: Leo McKern
movieId: RD9  actor: John Wood
movieId: RD9  actor: Ken Hutchinson
movieId: RD15  actor: Mathew Broderick
movieId: RD15  actor: Rutiger Hauer
movieId: RD15  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: RD15  actor: Leo McKern
movieId: RD15  actor: John wood
movieId: RD15  actor: Ken Hutchinson
movieId: RD19  actor: Mel Gibson
movieId: RD19  actor: Danny Glover
movieId: RD19  actor: Gary Busey
movieId: RD19  actor: Mitchell Ryan
movieId: RD19  actor: Darlene Love
movieId: RD19  actor: Traci Wolfe
movieId: RD18  actor: David Bowie
movieId: RD18  actor: Patsy Kensit
movieId: RD20  actor: Bill Murray
movieId: RD20  actor: Buddy Hackett
movieId: RD20  actor: Carol Kane
movieId: RD20  actor: Bobcat Goldthwait
movieId: RD20  actor: John Forsythe
movieId: RD20  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: RD20  actor: David Johansen
movieId: RD20  actor: John Glover
movieId: RD20  actor: Miles Davis
movieId: RD20  actor: Michael J. Pollard
movieId: RD20  actor: Karen Allen
movieId: RD25  actor: Mel Gibson
movieId: RD25  actor: Danny Glover
movieId: RD25  actor: Patsy Kensit
movieId: RD35  actor: Mel Gibson
movieId: RD35  actor: Danny Glover
movieId: RD35  actor: Joe Pesci
movieId: RD35  actor: Rene Russo
movieId: RD35  actor: Stuart Wilson
movieId: RD37  actor: Mel Gibson
movieId: RD37  actor: James Garner
movieId: RD37  actor: Jodie Foster
movieId: RD37  actor: James Coburn
movieId: RD37  actor: Graham Greene
movieId: RD37  actor: Alfred Molina
movieId: RD37  actor: Bub Taylor
movieId: RD41  actor: Julia Roberts
movieId: RD41  actor: Mel Gibson
movieId: RD41  actor: Patrick Stewart
movieId: RD41  actor: Stephen Kahan
movieId: RD41  actor: Terence Alexander
movieId: RD41  actor: x. MacArthur
movieId: RD43  actor: Mel Gibson
movieId: RD43  actor: Danny Glover
movieId: RD43  actor: Joe Pesci
movieId: RD43  actor: Rene Russo
movieId: RD43  actor: Chris Rock
movieId: RD43  actor: Jet Li
movieId: RDa1  actor: Alastair Sim
movieId: RDa1  actor: George Cole
movieId: RDa1  actor: Jill Adams
movieId: RDa1  actor: Terry Thomas
movieId: RDa1  actor: Avril Nagers
movieId: RDa1  actor: Dora Bryan
movieId: RDa3  actor: s a
movieId: RDa3  actor: Marshall Thompson
movieId: RDa3  actor: Marla Landi
movieId: RDa5  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: RDa5  actor: Wilfred HydeWhite
movieId: RDa5  actor: Bernard Cribbins
movieId: RDa5  actor: David Lodge
movieId: RDa5  actor: Maurice Denham
movieId: RDa5  actor: Beryl Reid
movieId: RDa5  actor: Liz Fraser
movieId: RDa5  actor: Irene Handl
movieId: RDa5  actor: George Woodbridge
movieId: RDa5  actor: Lionel Jeffries
movieId: RDa6  actor: Gordon Scott
movieId: RDa9  actor: Jock Mahoney
movieId: RDa9  actor: Earl Cameron
movieId: RDa9  actor: Ricky Der
movieId: RDa9  actor: Woody Strode
movieId: RDa10  actor: Ursula Andress
movieId: RDa10  actor: John Richardson
movieId: RDa11  actor: Mike Henry
movieId: RDa12  actor: Mike Henry
movieId: RDa12  actor: Jan Murray
movieId: RDa12  actor: Michael Padilla~jr.
movieId: RDa14  actor: Mike Henry
movieId: RDa14  actor: Alizia Gur
movieId: RDa21  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: RDa21  actor: Kay Lenz
movieId: RDa21  actor: Kathryn Grant
movieId: RDa21  actor: Morgan Brittany
movieId: RDa21  actor: Morgan Fairchild
movieId: RDa21  actor: Tony Bill
movieId: RDa25  actor: Robert Sacchi
movieId: RDa25  actor: Misty Rowe
movieId: RDa25  actor: Michelle Phillips
movieId: RDa25  actor: Franco Nero
movieId: RDa25  actor: Olivia Hussey
movieId: RDa25  actor: Victor Buono
movieId: RDa25  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: RDa25  actor: George Raft
movieId: RDa25  actor: Yvonne deCarlo
movieId: RDa25  actor: Jay Robinson
movieId: RDa25  actor: Mike Mazurki
movieId: RDa25  actor: Henry Wilcoxon
movieId: RDa25  actor: Victor Sen Young
movieId: RdB10  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: RdD10  actor: Joe Pesci
movieId: RdD10  actor: Ruben Blades
movieId: RdD10  actor: Vincent Gardenia
movieId: RdD10  actor: Madolyn Smith Osborne
movieId: RDh10  actor: Louis deFunes
movieId: RDh10  actor: Robert Dh\'ery
movieId: RDh10  actor: Michel Galabru
movieId: RDh10  actor: Colette Brosset
movieId: RDi10  actor: Lou Brown
movieId: RDi10  actor: David Clendinning
movieId: RDi10  actor: Jennifer Cluff
movieId: RDL3  actor: The Beatles
movieId: RDL3  actor: Ringo Starr
movieId: RDL3  actor: John Lennon
movieId: RDL3  actor: George Harrison
movieId: RDL3  actor: Paul McCartney
movieId: RDL3  actor: Wilfrid Brambell
movieId: RDL3  actor: Norman Rossington
movieId: RDL3  actor: Victor Spinetti
movieId: RDL3  actor: s a
movieId: RDL3  actor: Norman Bassington
movieId: RDL3  actor: Phil Collins
movieId: RDL4  actor: Michael Crawford
movieId: RDL4  actor: Ray Brooks
movieId: RDL4  actor: Rita Tushingham
movieId: RDL4  actor: Donal Donelly
movieId: RDL5  actor: The Beatles
movieId: RDL5  actor: Ringo Starr
movieId: RDL5  actor: John Lennon
movieId: RDL5  actor: George Harrison
movieId: RDL5  actor: Paul McCartney
movieId: RDL5  actor: Leo McKern
movieId: RDL5  actor: Eleanor Bron
movieId: RDL5  actor: Victor Spinetti
movieId: RDL5  actor: Warren Mitchell
movieId: RDL5  actor: Celeste Brown
movieId: RDL5  actor: sa
movieId: RDL5  actor: Bruce Lacey
movieId: RDL6  actor: Zero Mostel
movieId: RDL6  actor: Phil Silvers
movieId: RDL6  actor: Jack Gilford
movieId: RDL6  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: RDL10  actor: Richard Chamberlain
movieId: RDL10  actor: Raquel Welch
movieId: RDL10  actor: Oliver Reed
movieId: RDL10  actor: Michael York
movieId: RDL10  actor: Frank Finlay
movieId: RDL10  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: RDL10  actor: Geraldine Chaplin
movieId: RDL10  actor: Jean-Pierre Cassel
movieId: RDL10  actor: Sybil Danning
movieId: RDL10  actor: Spike Milligan
movieId: RDL10  actor: Roy Kinnear
movieId: RDL10  actor: Gitty Djamal
movieId: RDL10  actor: George Wilson
movieId: RDL10  actor: Simon Ward
movieId: RDL10  actor: Faye Dunaway
movieId: RDL10  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: RDL11  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: RDL11  actor: David Hemmings
movieId: RDL11  actor: Omar Sharif
movieId: RDL11  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: RDL11  actor: Ian Holm
movieId: RDL11  actor: Shirley Knight
movieId: RDL11  actor: Roy Kinnear
movieId: RDL11  actor: Cyril Kusack
movieId: RDL12  actor: Raquel Welch
movieId: RDL12  actor: Oliver Reed
movieId: RDL12  actor: Richard Chamberlain
movieId: RDL12  actor: Frank Finlay
movieId: RDL12  actor: Michael York
movieId: RDL12  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: RDL12  actor: Jean-Pierre Cassel
movieId: RDL12  actor: Geraldine Chaplin
movieId: RDL12  actor: Simon Ward
movieId: RDL12  actor: Faye Dunaway
movieId: RDL12  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: RDL13  actor: Malcom McDowall
movieId: RDL13  actor: Oliver Reed
movieId: RDL13  actor: Alan Bates
movieId: RDL13  actor: Florinda Balkan
movieId: RDL13  actor: Britt Eklund
movieId: RDL13  actor: Lionel Jeffries
movieId: RDL13  actor: Tom Bell
movieId: RDL13  actor: Joss Aukland
movieId: RDL13  actor: Leon Greene
movieId: RDL13  actor: Richard hurndall
movieId: RDL13  actor: Alastair Sim
movieId: RDL13  actor: Michael Hodern
movieId: RDL13  actor: s a
movieId: RDL15  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: RDL15  actor: Audrey Hepburn
movieId: RDL15  actor: Nicol Williamson
movieId: RDL15  actor: Robert Shaw
movieId: RDL15  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: RDL15  actor: Kenneth Haigh
movieId: RDL15  actor: Ronnie Barker
movieId: RDL15  actor: Ian Holm
movieId: RDL15  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: RDL15  actor: Esmond Knight
movieId: RDL17  actor: Tom Berenger
movieId: RDL17  actor: William Katt
movieId: RDL17  actor: Jeff Corey
movieId: RDL17  actor: John Schuck
movieId: RDL17  actor: Michael C. Gwynne
movieId: RDL17  actor: Brian Dennehy
movieId: RDL17  actor: Peter Weller
movieId: RDL17  actor: Jill Eikenberry
movieId: RDL18  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: RDL18  actor: Brooke Adams
movieId: RDL18  actor: Jack Weston
movieId: RDL18  actor: Hector Elizondo
movieId: RDL18  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: RDL18  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: RDL18  actor: Chris Sarandon
movieId: RDL18  actor: Alejandro Rey
movieId: RDL18  actor: Lonette McKee
movieId: RDL19  actor: Christopher Reeve
movieId: RDL19  actor: Margot Kidder
movieId: RDL19  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: RDL19  actor: Ned Beatty
movieId: RDL19  actor: Jackie Cooper
movieId: RDL19  actor: Sarah Douglas
movieId: RDL19  actor: Valerie Perrine
movieId: RDL19  actor: Susannah York
movieId: RDL19  actor: Terence Stamp
movieId: RDL19  actor: Jack OHalloran
movieId: RDL19  actor: E.G. Marshall
movieId: RDL20  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: RDL20  actor: Sarah Douglas
movieId: RDL20  actor: Christopher Reeve
movieId: RDL20  actor: Margot Kidder
movieId: RDL20  actor: Richard Pryor
movieId: RDL20  actor: Anette OToole
movieId: RDL20  actor: Annie Ross
movieId: RDL20  actor: Pamela Stephenson
movieId: RDL20  actor: Robert Vaughn
movieId: RDL20  actor: Marc McClure
movieId: RDL20  actor: Jackie Cooper
movieId: RDL24  actor: Lou Gossett~jr.
movieId: RDL24  actor: Michael OKeefe
movieId: RDL24  actor: Beverly DAngelo
movieId: RDL24  actor: David Wayne
movieId: RDL24  actor: Arthur Hill
movieId: RDL24  actor: John Schuck
movieId: RDL24  actor: Jack Riley
movieId: RDL24  actor: Brian Dennehy
movieId: RDL24  actor: Pamela Stephens
movieId: RDL24  actor: Ed Lauter
movieId: RDL24  actor: Jim Carrey
movieId: RdM8  actor: William Holden
movieId: RdM8  actor: Lee J. cobb
movieId: RdM8  actor: Nina Foch
movieId: RdM8  actor: Adele Jergens
movieId: RdM8  actor: Stephen Dunne
movieId: RdM10  actor: Edmond OBrien
movieId: RdM18  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: RdM18  actor: Linda Darnell
movieId: RdM18  actor: Jack Palance
movieId: RdM18  actor: Reginal Sheffield
movieId: RdM18  actor: Roy Robert
movieId: RdM20  actor: Jane Wyman
movieId: RdM20  actor: Van Johnson
movieId: RdM20  actor: Fred Clark
movieId: RdM20  actor: Eileen Heckart
movieId: RdM20  actor: William Gargan
movieId: RdM30  actor: Richard Egan
movieId: RdM30  actor: Ralph Richardson
movieId: RdM30  actor: David Farrar
movieId: RdM30  actor: Diane Baker
movieId: RdM30  actor: Barry Coe
movieId: RdM30  actor: Donald Houston
movieId: RdM30  actor: Kieron Moore
movieId: RdM30  actor: John Crawford
movieId: RdM30  actor: Robert Brown
movieId: RdN10  actor: Chazz Palminteri
movieId: RdN10  actor: Robert deNirto
movieId: RdN10  actor: Frank Capra
movieId: RdN10  actor: Lillo Brancato
movieId: RdN10  actor: Taral Hicks
movieId: RdN10  actor: Clem Caserta
movieId: RdN10  actor: Dave Salerno
movieId: RdN10  actor: Joe Pesci
movieId: RDo5  actor: Warren Oates
movieId: RDo5  actor: Sam Neill
movieId: RDo10  actor: Mel Gibson
movieId: RDo10  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: RDo10  actor: Edward Fox
movieId: RDo10  actor: Daniel DayLewis
movieId: RDo10  actor: Bernard Hill
movieId: RDo20  actor: Kevin Kostner
movieId: RDo20  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: RDo20  actor: Sean Young
movieId: RDo20  actor: Will Patton
movieId: RDo20  actor: Howard Duff
movieId: RDo20  actor: George Dzunda
movieId: RDo20  actor: Jason Bernard
movieId: RDo20  actor: Iman
movieId: RDo26  actor: Tom Cruise
movieId: RDo26  actor: Bryan Brown
movieId: RDo26  actor: Elizabeth Shue
movieId: RDo28  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: RDo28  actor: Tim Robbins
movieId: RDo28  actor: Annabella Sciorra
movieId: RDo28  actor: Fran Drescher
movieId: RDo28  actor: Lori Petty
movieId: RDo28  actor: Pamela Reed
movieId: RDo28  actor: Paul Guilfoyle
movieId: RDo28  actor: Tristine Skyler
movieId: RDo28  actor: Zack Norman
movieId: RDo28  actor: Lauren Tom
movieId: RDo28  actor: Bill Nelson
movieId: RDo28  actor: Judith Hoag
movieId: RDo28  actor: Elaine Strich
movieId: RDo30  actor: Willem Dafoe
movieId: RDo30  actor: Mary Elizabeth Mastantonio
movieId: RDo30  actor: Mickey Rourke
movieId: RDo32  actor: Alec Baldwin
movieId: RDo32  actor: Kim Basinger
movieId: RDo32  actor: Michael Madsen
movieId: RDo32  actor: Jennifer Tilly
movieId: RDo32  actor: James Woods
movieId: RDo36  actor: Pierce Brosnan
movieId: RDo36  actor: Linda Hamilton
movieId: RDo36  actor: Charles Hallahan
movieId: RDo36  actor: Grant Heslov
movieId: RDo36  actor: Elizabeth Hoffman
movieId: RDo36  actor: Jeremy Folman
movieId: RDo36  actor: Jamie Smith
movieId: RDo36  actor: s a
movieId: RDo36  actor: s a
movieId: RDo40  actor: Bruce Greenwood
movieId: RDo40  actor: Bruce Greenwood
movieId: RDo40  actor: Kevin Costner
movieId: RDo40  actor: sa
movieId: RDo40  actor: sa
movieId: RDo40  actor: sa
movieId: RDo40  actor: sa
movieId: RDo40  actor: sa
movieId: RDo40  actor: Walter Cronkite
movieId: RdR10  actor: Nancy Welford
movieId: RdR10  actor: Conway Tearle
movieId: RdR10  actor: Winnie Lightner
movieId: RdR10  actor: Ann Pennington
movieId: RdR10  actor: Lilyan Tashman
movieId: RdR10  actor: William Bakewell
movieId: RdR10  actor: Nick Lucas
movieId: RdR30  actor: Jimmy Cagney
movieId: RdR30  actor: Joan Blondell
movieId: RdR30  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: RdR30  actor: Louis Calhern
movieId: RdR30  actor: Guy Kibee
movieId: RdR30  actor: Polly Walters
movieId: RdR30  actor: Charles Lane
movieId: RdR30  actor: Maude Eburne
movieId: RdR32  actor: Ricardo Cortez
movieId: RdR32  actor: Bebe Daniels
movieId: RdR32  actor: Dudley Digges
movieId: RdR32  actor: Dwight Frye
movieId: RdR32  actor: Robert Elliott
movieId: RdR32  actor: Thelma Todd
movieId: RdR32  actor: Oscar Apfel
movieId: RdR37  actor: James Cagney
movieId: RdR37  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: RdR37  actor: George E. Stone
movieId: RdR37  actor: Guy Kibbee
movieId: RdR37  actor: David Landau
movieId: RdR37  actor: Leila Bennett
movieId: RdR37  actor: Matt McHugh
movieId: RdR40  actor: Warren William
movieId: RdR40  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: RdR40  actor: Alice White
movieId: RdR40  actor: Wallace Ford
movieId: RdR40  actor: Allen Jenkins
movieId: RdR40  actor: Marjorie Gleason
movieId: RdR40  actor: Barbara Stanwyck
movieId: RdR44  actor: Jimmy Cagney
movieId: RdR44  actor: Mae Clarke
movieId: RdR44  actor: Leslie Fenton
movieId: RdR44  actor: Margaret Lindsay
movieId: RdR44  actor: Henry ONeill
movieId: RdR44  actor: Willard Robertson
movieId: RdR44  actor: Raymond Hatton
movieId: RdR44  actor: Russell Hopton
movieId: RdR46  actor: Ronald Colman
movieId: RdR46  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: RdR46  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: RdR46  actor: Charles Butterworth
movieId: RdR46  actor: Warner Oland
movieId: RdR46  actor: Mischa Auer
movieId: RdR46  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: RdR48  actor: Merle Oberon
movieId: RdR48  actor: Ann Sothern
movieId: RdR48  actor: Eric Blore
movieId: RdR52  actor: Eleanor Powell
movieId: RdR52  actor: James Stewart
movieId: RdR52  actor: Virginia Bruce
movieId: RdR52  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: RdR52  actor: Sid Silvers
movieId: RdR52  actor: Frances Langford
movieId: RdR52  actor: Raymond Walburn
movieId: RdR52  actor: Reginald Gardiner
movieId: RdR52  actor: Buddy Ebsen
movieId: RdR53  actor: Jack Benny
movieId: RdR53  actor: Robert Taylor
movieId: RdR53  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: RdR53  actor: Eleanor Powell
movieId: RdR53  actor: June Knight
movieId: RdR53  actor: Vilma Ebsen
movieId: RdR53  actor: Buddy Ebsen
movieId: RdR54  actor: Dick Powell
movieId: RdR54  actor: Madeleine Carroll
movieId: RdR54  actor: Alive Faye
movieId: RdR54  actor: George Babier
movieId: RdR54  actor: Ritz Brothers
movieId: RdR54  actor: Cora Witherspoon
movieId: RdR54  actor: Walter Catlett
movieId: RdR54  actor: Joan Davis
movieId: RdR54  actor: E.E. Clive
movieId: RdR54  actor: Alan Mowbray
movieId: RdR54  actor: Billy Gilbert
movieId: RdR54  actor: Harry Ritz
movieId: RdR56  actor: Eleanor Powell
movieId: RdR56  actor: George Murphy
movieId: RdR56  actor: Sophie Tucker
movieId: RdR56  actor: Judy Garland
movieId: RdR56  actor: Robert Taylor
movieId: RdR56  actor: Buddy ebsen
movieId: RdR56  actor: Sid Silvers
movieId: RdR56  actor: Billy Gilbert
movieId: RdR56  actor: Raymond Wilburn
movieId: RdR61  actor: Joel McCrea
movieId: RdR61  actor: Nancy Kelly
movieId: RdR61  actor: Roland Young
movieId: RdR61  actor: Mary Boland
movieId: RdR63  actor: Nelson Eddy
movieId: RdR63  actor: Rise Stevens
movieId: RdR63  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: RdR63  actor: Florence Bates
movieId: RdR64  actor: Joan Blondell
movieId: RdR64  actor: Roland Young
movieId: RdR64  actor: Billie Burke
movieId: RdR64  actor: Rochester
movieId: RdR64  actor: Carole Landis
movieId: RdR64  actor: H.B. Warner
movieId: RdR64  actor: Donald McBride
movieId: RdR64  actor: Rafaela Ottiano
movieId: RdR66  actor: Ann Sothern
movieId: RdR66  actor: Red Skelton
movieId: RdR66  actor: Allen Jenkins
movieId: RdR66  actor: leo Gorcey
movieId: RdR66  actor: Donald meek
movieId: RdR66  actor: Frank Jenks
movieId: RdR66  actor: Lloyd Corrigan
movieId: RdR66  actor: Walter Catlett
movieId: RdR66  actor: Rags Ragland
movieId: RdR66  actor: Fritz Feld
movieId: RdR68  actor: Lucille Ball
movieId: RdR70  actor: William Bendix
movieId: RdR70  actor: Claire Trevor
movieId: RdR70  actor: Charles Bickford
movieId: RdR90  actor: Terry Moore
movieId: RdR90  actor: Bert Freed
movieId: RdR90  actor: Debra Paget
movieId: RdR90  actor: Juli Reding
movieId: RdR90  actor: s a
movieId: RDu10  actor: Angelo Evans
movieId: RDu10  actor: Michael Evans
movieId: RDu15  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: RDu15  actor: Miranda Richardson
movieId: RDu15  actor: Farrah Fawcett
movieId: RDu15  actor: s a
movieId: RDu15  actor: Jewell Jernigan
movieId: RDW2  actor: Robert Wagner
movieId: RDW2  actor: Terry Moore
movieId: RDW2  actor: Gilbert Roland
movieId: RDW2  actor: Richard Boone
movieId: RDW2  actor: Peter Graves
movieId: RDW2  actor: J.Carroll Naish
movieId: RDW7  actor: James Dunn
movieId: RDW7  actor: Sheila Ryan
movieId: RDW7  actor: Edward Ryan
movieId: RDW7  actor: Jackie Paley
movieId: RDW7  actor: Reed Hadley
movieId: RDW10  actor: Elvis Presley
movieId: RDW10  actor: Richard Egan
movieId: RDW10  actor: Wlliam Campbell
movieId: RDW10  actor: James Drury
movieId: RDW10  actor: Debra Paget
movieId: RDW10  actor: Neville Brand
movieId: RDW10  actor: Bruce Bennett
movieId: ReB8  actor: Clara Williams
movieId: ReB8  actor: George Beban
movieId: ReB10  actor: Sessue Hayakawa
movieId: ReB10  actor: Gladys Brockwell
movieId: ReB10  actor: Frank Borzage
movieId: ReB10  actor: Tsuru Aoki
movieId: ReC4  actor: Vincenzo Musolino
movieId: ReC4  actor: s a
movieId: ReC4  actor: Maria Fiore
movieId: ReC5  actor: Laurence Harvey
movieId: ReC5  actor: Susan Shentall
movieId: ReC5  actor: Aldo Zollo
movieId: ReC5  actor: Enzo Fiermonte
movieId: ReC5  actor: Flora Robson
movieId: ReC5  actor: Mervyn Johns
movieId: ReC5  actor: Sebastian Cabot
movieId: ReC5  actor: Lydia Sherwood
movieId: ReC5  actor: Gulio Garbinetti
movieId: ReC5  actor: Nietta Zocchi
movieId: ReC5  actor: Bill Travers
movieId: ReC5  actor: Norman Wooland
movieId: ReC5  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: ReD10  actor: Andrew Stevens
movieId: ReD10  actor: Robert Carradine
movieId: ReD10  actor: Kimberly Beck
movieId: ReD10  actor: Lani OGrady
movieId: ReH10  actor: Bruce Willis
movieId: ReH10  actor: Bonnie Bedelia
movieId: ReH10  actor: Reginald VelJohnson
movieId: ReH10  actor: William Saddler
movieId: ReH10  actor: John Amar
movieId: ReH10  actor: Michael Francis Clarke
movieId: ReH10  actor: Art Evans
movieId: ReH10  actor: Tom Bowie
movieId: ReH10  actor: William Atherton
movieId: ReH10  actor: Franco Nero
movieId: ReH10  actor: Fred Thompson
movieId: ReH16  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: ReH16  actor: John Lithgow
movieId: ReH16  actor: Janine Turner
movieId: ReH16  actor: s a
movieId: ReH22  actor: Saffrom Burrows
movieId: ReH22  actor: Thomas Jane
movieId: ReH22  actor: Samual L. Jackson
movieId: ReH22  actor: Stellan Skarsgard
movieId: ReH22  actor: LL Cool J
movieId: ReH22  actor: sa
movieId: ReH22  actor: sa
movieId: REM5  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: REM5  actor: Dean Jones
movieId: REM5  actor: Jason Robards~jr.
movieId: REM5  actor: Rosemary Murphy
movieId: REM5  actor: Ann Prentiss
movieId: REM5  actor: King Moody
movieId: REM10  actor: Omar Sharif
movieId: REM10  actor: James Coburn
movieId: REM10  actor: Ronee Blakly
movieId: REn6  actor: Joan Blondell
movieId: REn6  actor: Hugh Herbert
movieId: REn6  actor: Guy Kibbee
movieId: REn6  actor: Zasu Pitts
movieId: REn6  actor: Dick Powell
movieId: REn6  actor: Ruby Keeler
movieId: REn18  actor: Pat OBrien
movieId: REn18  actor: Beverly Roberts
movieId: REn18  actor: Ross Alexander
movieId: REn18  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: REn18  actor: Marie Wilson
movieId: REn20  actor: Joe E. Brown
movieId: REn20  actor: June Travis
movieId: REn20  actor: Dick Foran
movieId: REn20  actor: Guy Kibbee
movieId: REn20  actor: Carol Hughes
movieId: REn20  actor: Gene Lockhart
movieId: REn20  actor: Olin Howland
movieId: REn20  actor: Joseph Crehan
movieId: REn20  actor: Sarah Edwards
movieId: REn20  actor: Charles Wilson
movieId: REn30  actor: Dick Powell
movieId: REn30  actor: Doris Weston
movieId: REn30  actor: Larry Adler
movieId: REn30  actor: Lee Dixon
movieId: REn30  actor: Jane Darwell
movieId: REn30  actor: Jane Wyman
movieId: REn32  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: REn32  actor: Pat OBrien
movieId: REn32  actor: Margaret Lindsay
movieId: REn32  actor: Jane Wyman
movieId: REn45  actor: Ann Sheridan
movieId: REn45  actor: Ronald Reagan
movieId: REn45  actor: The Dead End Kids
movieId: REn45  actor: Bonita Granville
movieId: REn45  actor: Frankie Thomas
movieId: REn45  actor: Henry ONeill
movieId: REn45  actor: Berton Churchill
movieId: REn45  actor: Eduardo Cianelli
movieId: REn50  actor: Constance Bennett
movieId: REn50  actor: Jeffrey Lynn
movieId: REn50  actor: Regis Toomey
movieId: REn50  actor: Mona Maris
movieId: REn50  actor: Frank Puglia
movieId: REn50  actor: Thomas Jackson
movieId: REn50  actor: Craig Stevens
movieId: ReN53  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: ReN53  actor: Randolph Scott Chandler
movieId: ReN53  actor: John Wayne
movieId: ReN53  actor: Margaret Lindsay
movieId: ReN53  actor: Harry Carey
movieId: ReN53  actor: Richard Berthelmess
movieId: ReN53  actor: George Cleveland
movieId: ReN53  actor: Samuel S. Hinds
movieId: ReN55  actor: Pat OBrien
movieId: REn55  actor: Ruth Warrick
movieId: REn55  actor: Robert Ryan
movieId: REn55  actor: Leon Ames
movieId: REn55  actor: Barbara Hale
movieId: REn55  actor: Frank Shannon
movieId: REn60  actor: Pat OBrien
movieId: REn60  actor: Ellen Drew
movieId: REn60  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: REn60  actor: Rudy Vallee
movieId: REn60  actor: Jack Norton
movieId: REp18  actor: Lily Tomlin
movieId: RFG1  actor: Jackie Condon
movieId: RFG1  actor: Peggy Cartwright
movieId: RFG1  actor: Mickey Daniels
movieId: RFG3  actor: Jackie Condon
movieId: RFG3  actor: Peggy Cartwright
movieId: RFG3  actor: Mickey Daniels
movieId: RFG5  actor: Jackie Condon
movieId: RFG5  actor: Peggy Cartwright
movieId: RFG5  actor: Mickey Daniels
movieId: RFG7  actor: Jackie Condon
movieId: RFG7  actor: Richard Daniels
movieId: RFG7  actor: Mickey Daniels
movieId: RFG9  actor: Joe Cobb
movieId: RFG9  actor: Jackie Condon
movieId: RFG20  actor: Jackie Cooper
movieId: RFG22  actor: Jackie Condon
movieId: RFG22  actor: Stan Laurel
movieId: RFG22  actor: Oliver Hardy
movieId: RFG25  actor: Jackie Condon
movieId: RFG25  actor: June Marlowe
movieId: RFG25  actor: Stan Laurel
movieId: RFG25  actor: Oliver Hardy
movieId: RFG27  actor: Jackie Condon
movieId: RFG27  actor: June Marlowe
movieId: RFG30  actor: George McFarland
movieId: RFG30  actor: Franklin Pangborn
movieId: RFG30  actor: Stan Laurel
movieId: RFG30  actor: Oliver Hardy
movieId: RFG35  actor: Buster Phelps
movieId: RFG35  actor: Frank Mayo
movieId: RFG35  actor: Mabel Forrest
movieId: RFG35  actor: Lillian West
movieId: RFG35  actor: Howard Hickman
movieId: RFG35  actor: Frances Farmer
movieId: RFG40  actor: Jackie Moran
movieId: RFG40  actor: Marcia May Jones
movieId: RFG40  actor: George Cleveland
movieId: RFG41  actor: Marcia May
movieId: RFG41  actor: Jackie Moran
movieId: RFG41  actor: George Cleveland
movieId: RFG41  actor: Grant Withers
movieId: RFG41  actor: Clara Blandick
movieId: RfH10  actor: Zarah Leander
movieId: RfH10  actor: Eli Wallach
movieId: RFi10  actor: s a
movieId: RFi10  actor: Peter Graves
movieId: RFi10  actor: s a
movieId: RFl3  actor: Gertrude Lawrence
movieId: RFl3  actor: Charles Ruggles
movieId: RFl3  actor: Walter Petrie
movieId: RFl3  actor: Arthur Treacher
movieId: RFl3  actor: Gladys duBois
movieId: RFl20  actor: Bela Lugosi
movieId: RFl20  actor: Sidney Fox
movieId: RFl20  actor: Leon Waycoff
movieId: RFl20  actor: Bert Roach
movieId: RFl20  actor: Brandon Hurst
movieId: RFl20  actor: Noble Johnson
movieId: RFl20  actor: Darcy Corrigan
movieId: RFl28  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: RFl28  actor: Bela Lugosi
movieId: RFl30  actor: Barbara Stanwyk
movieId: RFl30  actor: Genevieve Tobin
movieId: RFl30  actor: John Eldredge
movieId: RFl30  actor: Gene Raymon
movieId: RFl30  actor: Philip Reed
movieId: RFl33  actor: John Halliday
movieId: RFl33  actor: Marsha Hunt
movieId: RFl33  actor: Bob Cummings
movieId: RFl33  actor: C.Henry Gordon
movieId: RFl33  actor: Frieda Inescort
movieId: RFl33  actor: Esther Dale
movieId: RFl33  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: RFl33  actor: Francis X. Bushman
movieId: RFl33  actor: Maurice Costello
movieId: RFl33  actor: Mae Marsh
movieId: RFl33  actor: Charles Ray
movieId: RFl33  actor: Jane Novak
movieId: RFl33  actor: Bryant Washburn
movieId: RFl33  actor: Jack Mulhall
movieId: RFl33  actor: Creighton Hale
movieId: RFl33  actor: Bert Roach
movieId: RFl40  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: RFl40  actor: Patricia Morison
movieId: RFl48  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: RFl48  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: RFl60  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: RFl75  actor: Johnny Weissmuller
movieId: RFl75  actor: Brenda Joyce
movieId: RFl75  actor: Linda Christian
movieId: RFl75  actor: George Zucco
movieId: RFl100  actor: Nicholas Pryor
movieId: RFl100  actor: Abraham Sofaer
movieId: RFl100  actor: Anne Helm
movieId: RFl100  actor: Robert Sampson
movieId: RFl101  actor: June Walker
movieId: RFl101  actor: Ann Harding
movieId: RFl101  actor: Francies Reid
movieId: RFl102  actor: Richard Long
movieId: RFl102  actor: Colleen Gray
movieId: RFl102  actor: Rebecca Sand
movieId: RFl102  actor: Aline Dunbar
movieId: RFl103  actor: Jack Carson
movieId: RFl103  actor: Christopher Dark
movieId: RFl103  actor: Stefan Schnable
movieId: RFl103  actor: Thano Ramo
movieId: RFl103  actor: Lidia Vana
movieId: RFl103  actor: David Fresco
movieId: RFl103  actor: Christy Connors
movieId: RFl103  actor: Vincent Padula
movieId: RFl104  actor: Cloris Leachman
movieId: RFl104  actor: Charles Carlson
movieId: RFM10  actor: Kristy McNichol
movieId: RFM10  actor: Tatum ONeal
movieId: RFM10  actor: Krista Errickson
movieId: RFM10  actor: Armande Assante
movieId: RFM10  actor: Matt Dillon
movieId: RFM12  actor: Kristy McNichol
movieId: RFM12  actor: Dennis Quaid
movieId: RFM12  actor: Mark Hamill
movieId: RFM20  actor: Tom Berenger
movieId: RFM20  actor: Martin Sheen
movieId: RFM20  actor: Stephen Lang
movieId: RFM20  actor: Richard Jordan
movieId: RFM20  actor: Richard Anderson
movieId: RFM20  actor: Brian Mallon
movieId: RFM20  actor: Sam Elliott
movieId: RFM20  actor: Jeff Daniels
movieId: RFr10  actor: Jamie Lee Curtis
movieId: RFr10  actor: Stacy Keach
movieId: RFr10  actor: Marion Edwards
movieId: RFr10  actor: Grant Page
movieId: RFr15  actor: Anthony Perkins
movieId: RFr15  actor: Vera Miles
movieId: RFr15  actor: Meg Tilly
movieId: RFr15  actor: Robert Loggia
movieId: RFr15  actor: Dennis Franz
movieId: RFr19  actor: Dabney Coleman
movieId: RFr19  actor: Henry Thomas
movieId: RFr25  actor: Bryan Brown
movieId: RFr25  actor: Brian Dehenny
movieId: RFr25  actor: Diana Venora
movieId: RFr30  actor: Bryan Brown
movieId: RFr30  actor: Brian Dehenny
movieId: RFr30  actor: Rachel Ticotin
movieId: RFr30  actor: Diana Venora
movieId: RFr30  actor: Josie deGuzman
movieId: RFr30  actor: Joanne Gleason
movieId: RFu10  actor: Anna CalderMarshall
movieId: RFu10  actor: Timothy Dalton
movieId: RFu10  actor: Harry Andrews
movieId: RFu10  actor: Pamela Brown
movieId: RFu10  actor: Judy Cornwell
movieId: RFu10  actor: James Cossins
movieId: RFu10  actor: Rosalie Crutchley
movieId: RFu10  actor: Julian Glover
movieId: RFu10  actor: Hugh Griffith
movieId: RFu10  actor: Ian Ogilvy
movieId: RFu10  actor: Aubrey Woods
movieId: RFu11  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: RFu11  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: RFu11  actor: Hugh Griffith
movieId: RFu11  actor: TerryThomas
movieId: RFu11  actor: Peter Jeffrey
movieId: RFu11  actor: Virginia North
movieId: RFu11  actor: Aubrey Woods
movieId: RFu12  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: RFu12  actor: Robert Quarray
movieId: RFu12  actor: Valli Kemp
movieId: RFu12  actor: Fiona Lewis
movieId: RFu12  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: RFu12  actor: Beryl Reid
movieId: RFu12  actor: TerryThomas
movieId: RFu12  actor: Hugh Griffith
movieId: RFu12  actor: Peter Jeffrey
movieId: RFu12  actor: Gerald Sim
movieId: RFu12  actor: John Thaw
movieId: RFu12  actor: John Cater
movieId: RFu12  actor: Lewis Fiander
movieId: RFu20  actor: William Shatner
movieId: RFu20  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: RFu20  actor: Ida Lupino
movieId: RFu20  actor: John Travolta
movieId: RgA10  actor: s a
movieId: RgA10  actor: s a
movieId: RgA10  actor: Jeremy Irons
movieId: RgA10  actor: Nathan Lane
movieId: RgA10  actor: Moira Kelly
movieId: RgA11  actor: Iriine Bedart
movieId: RgA11  actor: Vanessa Williams
movieId: RgA11  actor: sa
movieId: RgC10  actor: Tim Abbott
movieId: RgC10  actor: Tane McClure
movieId: RgC10  actor: Teresa Langley
movieId: RgC10  actor: Robert Baldwin
movieId: RgC10  actor: Ross Hagen
movieId: RgC15  actor: Tim Abell
movieId: RgC15  actor: Tane McClure
movieId: RgC15  actor: s a
movieId: RgH10  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: RgH10  actor: Campbell Scott
movieId: RgH10  actor: Moira Kelly
movieId: RGo10  actor: Drew Barrymore
movieId: RGo10  actor: David Arquette
movieId: RGo10  actor: Molly Shannon
movieId: RGo10  actor: Michael Vartan
movieId: RGo10  actor: Leelee Sobieski
movieId: RGo10  actor: Jeremy Jordan
movieId: RGo10  actor: Garry Marshall
movieId: RGo10  actor: John C. Reilly
movieId: RGr10  actor: Olivia NewtonJohn
movieId: RGr10  actor: Gene Kelly
movieId: RGr10  actor: Michael Beck
movieId: RGr30  actor: Ron Sliver
movieId: RGr30  actor: Hector Elizonda
movieId: RGr30  actor: Leslee Udwin
movieId: RGr30  actor: Chris Hunter
movieId: RGr30  actor: Roger Daltree
movieId: RGr30  actor: Richard Graham
movieId: RGr30  actor: Fiona Walker
movieId: RGr30  actor: Lilian Hellman
movieId: RGr30  actor: Andras Ambrus
movieId: RGr30  actor: Andras Morton
movieId: RGr30  actor: Bela Both
movieId: RGr30  actor: Leo Lissek
movieId: RGr30  actor: Alyson Spiro
movieId: RGr30  actor: Janos Kulka
movieId: RGr30  actor: Athena Papadimitriu
movieId: RGu10  actor: s a
movieId: RGu10  actor: s a
movieId: RGu15  actor: s a
movieId: RGu15  actor: s a
movieId: RGt15  actor: Madhabi Mukherjee
movieId: RgW10  actor: Andrei Codrescu
movieId: RHa3  actor: Googie Withers
movieId: RHa3  actor: Patricia Plunkett
movieId: RHa3  actor: John McCallum
movieId: RHa3  actor: Jack Warner
movieId: RHa3  actor: Edward Chapman
movieId: RHa3  actor: Susan Shaw
movieId: RHa3  actor: Sidney Tafler
movieId: RHa4  actor: Dennis Price
movieId: RHa4  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: RHa4  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: RHa4  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: RHa4  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: RHa4  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: RHa4  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: RHa4  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: RHa4  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: RHa4  actor: Valeria Hobson
movieId: RHa4  actor: Joan Greenwood
movieId: RHa4  actor: Miles Malleson
movieId: RHa4  actor: Arthur Lowe
movieId: RHa4  actor: Miles Malleson
movieId: RHa4  actor: Audrey Fildes
movieId: RHa5  actor: Eric Portman
movieId: RHa5  actor: Guy Rolfe
movieId: RHa5  actor: Nadia Gray
movieId: RHa5  actor: George Cole
movieId: RHa5  actor: Edward Chapman
movieId: RHa5  actor: John Carol
movieId: RHa5  actor: Maurice Denham
movieId: RHa8  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: RHa8  actor: Joan Greenwood
movieId: RHa8  actor: Peter Finch
movieId: RHa8  actor: Sidney James
movieId: RHa8  actor: Cecil Parker
movieId: RHa8  actor: Bernard Lee
movieId: RHa8  actor: Ernest Thesiger
movieId: RHa8  actor: Marne Maitland
movieId: RHa9  actor: Alec Guinness
movieId: RHa9  actor: Vernon Gray
movieId: RHa9  actor: Odile Versois
movieId: RHa9  actor: Jacques Francois
movieId: RHa9  actor: Elina Labourdette
movieId: RHa9  actor: Austin Trevor
movieId: RHa10  actor: Alec Guinness
movieId: RHa10  actor: Irene Worth
movieId: RHa10  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: RHa10  actor: Nicole Maurey
movieId: RHa10  actor: Pamela brown
movieId: RHa10  actor: Geoffrey Keen
movieId: RHf10  actor: Peter Fonda
movieId: RHf10  actor: Blythe Danner
movieId: RHf10  actor: Arthur Hill
movieId: RHf10  actor: Yul Brynner
movieId: RHf10  actor: John Ryan
movieId: RHf10  actor: Stuart Margolin
movieId: RHf10  actor: Jim Antonio
movieId: RHf20  actor: Armand Assante
movieId: RHf20  actor: Barbara Carrera
movieId: RHf20  actor: Laurene London
movieId: RHf20  actor: Alan King
movieId: RHf20  actor: Paul Sorvino
movieId: RHg10  actor: Shirley MacLaine
movieId: RHg10  actor: Bill Paxton
movieId: RHg10  actor: Juliette Lewis
movieId: RHg10  actor: Miranda Richardson
movieId: RHg10  actor: Ben Johnson
movieId: RHg10  actor: Marion Ross
movieId: RHg10  actor: sa
movieId: RHg10  actor: sa
movieId: RHg10  actor: sa
movieId: RHg10  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: RHk10  actor: Matt McCoy
movieId: RHk10  actor: Shari Shattuck
movieId: RHk10  actor: David Ackroyd
movieId: RHk10  actor: Thomas Wagner
movieId: RHk10  actor: Tracy Scoggins
movieId: RhM10  actor: Gregory Harrison
movieId: RhM10  actor: Arkie Whiteley
movieId: RhM10  actor: Bill Kerr
movieId: RhM10  actor: Chris Haywood
movieId: RhM30  actor: Denzel Washington
movieId: RhM30  actor: John Lithgow
movieId: RhM34  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: RhM34  actor: Sean Young
movieId: RhM34  actor: Ian Holm
movieId: RhM34  actor: Alun Armstrong
movieId: RhM34  actor: Sam Kelley
movieId: RhM34  actor: Jack Shepperd
movieId: RhM34  actor: Bobby Hunt
movieId: RhM34  actor: Philip Davis
movieId: RhM34  actor: Patricia Hayes
movieId: RhM34  actor: Alan McNaughton
movieId: RhM34  actor: Bob Hoskins
movieId: RhM37  actor: Alec Baldwin
movieId: RhM37  actor: Penelope Ann Miller
movieId: RhM37  actor: John Lone
movieId: RhM37  actor: Ian McKellen
movieId: RhM37  actor: Jonathan Winters
movieId: RhM37  actor: Tim Curry
movieId: RhM37  actor: Peter Boyle
movieId: RHn10  actor: Robert Hossein
movieId: RHo1  actor: Ron Howard
movieId: RHo5  actor: Henry Winkler
movieId: RHo5  actor: Michael Keaton
movieId: RHo5  actor: Shelley Long
movieId: RHo5  actor: Bobby deCico
movieId: RHo5  actor: Richard Belzer
movieId: RHo5  actor: Gina Hecht
movieId: RHo5  actor: Cheryl Carter
movieId: RHo5  actor: Beck Gonzales
movieId: RHo5  actor: Corki Corman
movieId: RHo5  actor: Pawyer Trollhaus
movieId: RHo5  actor: Kevin Costner
movieId: RHo5  actor: Ola Ray
movieId: RHo5  actor: Ashley Cox
movieId: RHo5  actor: Dawn Dunlap
movieId: RHo5  actor: Monique Gabrielle
movieId: RHo5  actor: K.C. Winkler
movieId: RHo5  actor: Robbin Young
movieId: RHo10  actor: Darryl Hannah
movieId: RHo10  actor: Tom Hanks
movieId: RHo10  actor: John Candy
movieId: RHo12  actor: Don Ameche
movieId: RHo12  actor: Wilford Brimley
movieId: RHo12  actor: Maureen Stapleton
movieId: RHo12  actor: Linda Harrison
movieId: RHo12  actor: Barret Oliver
movieId: RHo12  actor: Hume Cronyn
movieId: RHo12  actor: Jessica Tandy
movieId: RHo12  actor: Brian Dennehy
movieId: RHo12  actor: Steve Guttenberg
movieId: RHo12  actor: Tahnee Welch
movieId: RHo12  actor: Mike Nomad
movieId: RHo12  actor: Jack Gilford
movieId: RHo12  actor: Gwen Verdon
movieId: RHo12  actor: Herta Ware
movieId: RHo12  actor: Clint Howard
movieId: RHo12  actor: Charles Lampkin
movieId: RHo12  actor: Tyrone Power~jr.
movieId: RHo12  actor: Harold Bergman
movieId: RHo12  actor: Russ Wheeler
movieId: RHo14  actor: Michael Keaton
movieId: RHo14  actor: Gedde Watanabe
movieId: RHo14  actor: George Wendt
movieId: RHo15  actor: Joanne Whalley
movieId: RHo15  actor: Val Kilmer
movieId: RHo17  actor: Don Ameche
movieId: RHo17  actor: Jessica Tandy
movieId: RHo20  actor: Steve Martin
movieId: RHo20  actor: Mary Steenburgen
movieId: RHo20  actor: s a
movieId: RHo20  actor: s a
movieId: RHo20  actor: Dianne Wiest
movieId: RHo20  actor: Martha Plimpton
movieId: RHo20  actor: Keanu Reeves
movieId: RHo20  actor: Tom Hulce
movieId: RHo20  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: RHo20  actor: Rick Moranis
movieId: RHo20  actor: s a
movieId: RHo20  actor: s a
movieId: RHo20  actor: s a
movieId: RHo20  actor: s a
movieId: RHo22  actor: Kurt Russell
movieId: RHo22  actor: Scott Glenn
movieId: RHo22  actor: William Baldwin
movieId: RHo22  actor: Jennifer Jason Leigh
movieId: RHo22  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: RHo22  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: RHo22  actor: Rebecca deMornay
movieId: RHo24  actor: Tom Cruise
movieId: RHo24  actor: Nicole Kidman
movieId: RHo27  actor: Michael Keaton
movieId: RHo27  actor: Marisa Tomei
movieId: RHo27  actor: Glenn Close
movieId: RHo27  actor: Randy Quaid
movieId: RHo27  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: RHo27  actor: Jason Alexander
movieId: RHo29  actor: Tom Hanks
movieId: RHo29  actor: Bill Paxton
movieId: RHo29  actor: Kevn Costner
movieId: RHo29  actor: Gary Sinise
movieId: RHo29  actor: s a
movieId: RHo29  actor: Ed Harris
movieId: RHo29  actor: Kathleen Quinlan
movieId: RHo29  actor: Mary Kate Schellhardt
movieId: RHo31  actor: Mel Gibson
movieId: RHo31  actor: Rene Russo
movieId: RHo31  actor: s a
movieId: RHo31  actor: Gary Sinese
movieId: RHo34  actor: Matthew McConnaghey
movieId: RHo34  actor: Jenna Elfman
movieId: RHo34  actor: Woody Harrelson
movieId: RHo34  actor: Ellen DeGeneres
movieId: RHo34  actor: Sally Kirkland
movieId: RHo34  actor: Martin Landau
movieId: RHo34  actor: Rob Reiner
movieId: RHo34  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: RHo34  actor: Elizabeth Hurley
movieId: RHo34  actor: Clint Howard
movieId: RHo35  actor: Jim Carrey
movieId: RHo35  actor: Taylor Momsen
movieId: RHo36  actor: Russel Crowe
movieId: RHo36  actor: Jennifer Connelly
movieId: RHo36  actor: Ed Harris
movieId: RHo36  actor: Christopher Plummer
movieId: RHo36  actor: Judd Hirsch
movieId: RHo36  actor: Paul Bettany
movieId: RHo36  actor: Josh Lucas
movieId: RHo36  actor: Dave Bayer
movieId: RHr5  actor: Patrick Swayze
movieId: RHr5  actor: Kelly Lynch
movieId: RHr5  actor: Ben Gazzara
movieId: RHr5  actor: Kevin Tighe
movieId: RHr5  actor: Keith David
movieId: RHr5  actor: Kathleen Wilhoite
movieId: RHr5  actor: Sunshine Parker
movieId: RHr5  actor: Red West
movieId: RHr5  actor: Julie Michael
movieId: RHr5  actor: Sam Elliott
movieId: RHr5  actor: Jeff Healey Band
movieId: RHr10  actor: James Marshall
movieId: RHr12  actor: Bruce Willis
movieId: RHr12  actor: Dennis Farina
movieId: RHr12  actor: Robert Pastorelli
movieId: RHr12  actor: Tom Sizemore
movieId: RHr12  actor: Brion James
movieId: RHr12  actor: John Mahoney
movieId: RHr12  actor: Sarah Jessica Parker
movieId: RHr12  actor: Timothy Busfield
movieId: RHr12  actor: Jodi Long
movieId: RhS20  actor: Anton Walbrook
movieId: RHv5  actor: Eric Dare
movieId: RHv5  actor: Paul Whitthorne
movieId: RHv5  actor: M.Emmett Walsh
movieId: RHv5  actor: Leah Shea
movieId: RHv5  actor: s a
movieId: RHv5  actor: s a
movieId: RHv10  actor: Paul Whitthorne
movieId: RHv10  actor: Anders Hove
movieId: RHv10  actor: Angela Bassett
movieId: RHv10  actor: Don Keith Cooper
movieId: RHv10  actor: Terrence Mann
movieId: RHv10  actor: Brad Dourif
movieId: RHv10  actor: Eric Dare
movieId: RHv10  actor: Martine Beswicke
movieId: RHv10  actor: Anne Elizabeth Ramsay
movieId: RHv10  actor: s a
movieId: RHy10  actor: Edward Woodward
movieId: RHy10  actor: Britt Ekland
movieId: RHy10  actor: Diane Cilento
movieId: RHy10  actor: Ingrid Pitt
movieId: RHy10  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: RiB1  actor: Peter OToole
movieId: RiB1  actor: Mark LinnBaker
movieId: RiB1  actor: Jessica Harper
movieId: RiB1  actor: Joseph Bologna
movieId: RiB1  actor: Bill Macy
movieId: RiB1  actor: Lainie Kazan
movieId: RiB1  actor: Lou Jacobi
movieId: RiB1  actor: Cameron Mitchell
movieId: RiB15  actor: Sean Penn
movieId: RiB15  actor: Elizabeth McGovern
movieId: RiB15  actor: Nicolas Cage
movieId: RiB15  actor: John Karlen
movieId: RiB15  actor: Max Showalter
movieId: RiB21  actor: Cher
movieId: RiB21  actor: Winona Ryder
movieId: RiB21  actor: Bob Hoskins
movieId: RiB21  actor: Michael Schoeffling
movieId: RiB21  actor: Christina Ricci
movieId: RiB21  actor: Caroline McWilliams
movieId: RiB21  actor: s a
movieId: RiB21  actor: s a
movieId: RiB25  actor: Nia Long
movieId: RiB25  actor: Whoopi Goldberg
movieId: RiB25  actor: Ted Danson
movieId: RiB25  actor: Will Smith
movieId: RiB25  actor: Jennifer Tilly
movieId: RiB25  actor: Fred Mancuso
movieId: RiB25  actor: Paul Rodriguez
movieId: RiB25  actor: David Bowe
movieId: RiB26  actor: Melanie Griffith
movieId: RiB26  actor: Efharris
movieId: RiB26  actor: Michael Pahoels-Carlson
movieId: RiB26  actor: s a
movieId: RiB28  actor: Shirley MacLaine
movieId: RiB28  actor: Ricki Lake
movieId: RiB28  actor: Brendan Fraser
movieId: RiB28  actor: Brendan Fraser
movieId: RiB28  actor: Miguel Sandoval
movieId: RiB28  actor: s a
movieId: RiB28  actor: s a
movieId: RiB28  actor: s a
movieId: RiB30  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: RiB30  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: RiB30  actor: Jane Alexander
movieId: RiB30  actor: Madeleine Kahn
movieId: RiB30  actor: Irene Cara
movieId: RiB30  actor: Tony LoBianco
movieId: RiC10  actor: The Hells Angels
movieId: RiC10  actor: Sonny Barger
movieId: RiC10  actor: Sandy Alexander
movieId: RiD1  actor: Hermione Gingold
movieId: RiD1  actor: Elspeth March
movieId: RiD1  actor: Doris Lloyd
movieId: RiD1  actor: Patricia Hitchcock
movieId: RiD1  actor: Noel Drayton
movieId: RiF4  actor: Henry Morgan
movieId: RiF4  actor: Viginia Drake
movieId: RiF4  actor: Dona Drake
movieId: RiF4  actor: Rudy Vallee
movieId: RiF4  actor: Hugh Herbert
movieId: RiF4  actor: Leo Gorcey
movieId: RiF4  actor: Bill Goodwin
movieId: RiF10  actor: Charles McGraw
movieId: RiF10  actor: Marie Windsor
movieId: RiF10  actor: Jacqueline White
movieId: RiF10  actor: Queenie Leonard
movieId: RiF10  actor: David Charlie
movieId: RiF10  actor: Verna Felton
movieId: RiF13  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: RiF13  actor: James Mason
movieId: RiF13  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: RiF13  actor: Paul Lukas
movieId: RiF13  actor: Robert J. Wilke
movieId: RiF13  actor: Carlton Young
movieId: RiF13  actor: Ted DeCorsica
movieId: RiF15  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: RiF15  actor: Farley Granger
movieId: RiF15  actor: Joan Collins
movieId: RiF15  actor: Glenda Farrell
movieId: RiF15  actor: Luther Adler
movieId: RiF15  actor: Cornelia otis skinner
movieId: RiF15  actor: Philip Reed
movieId: RiF15  actor: John Hoyt
movieId: RiF18  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: RiF18  actor: Tony Curtis
movieId: RiF18  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: RiF18  actor: Janet Leigh
movieId: RiF18  actor: Alexander Knox
movieId: RiF18  actor: Frank Thring
movieId: RiF18  actor: James Donald
movieId: RiF18  actor: Maxine Audley
movieId: RiF18  actor: Eileen Way
movieId: RiF18  actor: s a
movieId: RiF20  actor: Dean Stockwell
movieId: RiF20  actor: Bradford Dillman
movieId: RiF20  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: RiF20  actor: Diane Varsi
movieId: RiF20  actor: E.G. Marshall
movieId: RiF20  actor: Martin Milner
movieId: RiF20  actor: Richard Anderson
movieId: RiF20  actor: Robert Simon
movieId: RiF21  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: RiF21  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: RiF21  actor: Bradford Dillman
movieId: RiF21  actor: Juliette Greco
movieId: RiF21  actor: Juliette Greco
movieId: RiF21  actor: William Lucas
movieId: RiF21  actor: Alexander Knox
movieId: RiF21  actor: Catherine Lacy
movieId: RiF22  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: RiF22  actor: Silvana Mangano
movieId: RiF22  actor: Vittorio Gassman
movieId: RiF22  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: RiF22  actor: Jack Palance
movieId: RiF22  actor: Arthur Kennedy
movieId: RiF22  actor: Norman Wooland
movieId: RiF22  actor: Valentina Cortese
movieId: RiF22  actor: Harry Andrews
movieId: RiF22  actor: Katy Jurado
movieId: RiF22  actor: Michael Gwynn
movieId: RiF24  actor: Raquel Welch
movieId: RiF24  actor: Stephen Boyd
movieId: RiF24  actor: Edmond OBrien
movieId: RiF24  actor: Donald Pleasance
movieId: RiF24  actor: William Redfield
movieId: RiF24  actor: Arthur Kennedy
movieId: RiF25  actor: Rex Harrison
movieId: RiF25  actor: Samantha Eggar
movieId: RiF25  actor: Anthony Newley
movieId: RiF25  actor: Richard Attenborough
movieId: RiF25  actor: Peter Bull
movieId: RiF25  actor: Richard Dix
movieId: RiF25  actor: sa
movieId: RiF28  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: RiF28  actor: Soh Yamamura
movieId: RiF28  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: RiF28  actor: E.G. Marshall
movieId: RiF28  actor: Tatsuya Mihashi
movieId: RiF28  actor: Takahiro Tamura
movieId: RiF28  actor: James Whitmore
movieId: RiF28  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: RiF28  actor: Edward Andrews
movieId: RiF28  actor: Leon Ames
movieId: RiF28  actor: George Macready
movieId: RiF28  actor: Wesley Addy
movieId: RiF28  actor: s a
movieId: RiF28  actor: s a
movieId: RiF28  actor: s a
movieId: RiF28  actor: s a
movieId: RiF28  actor: s a
movieId: RiF28  actor: Leora Davis
movieId: RiF28  actor: June Dayton
movieId: RiF28  actor: Shunichi Nakamura
movieId: RiF30  actor: George C. Scott
movieId: RiF30  actor: Tony Musante
movieId: RiF30  actor: Trish Devere
movieId: RiF30  actor: Coleen Dewhurst
movieId: RiF33  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: RiF33  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: RiF33  actor: Leigh Taylor-Young
movieId: RiF33  actor: Estelle Parsons
movieId: RiF33  actor: Chuck Connors
movieId: RiF33  actor: Brock Peters
movieId: RiF33  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: RiF35  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: RiF35  actor: Al Lettieri
movieId: RiF35  actor: Linda Cristal
movieId: RiF36  actor: James Mason
movieId: RiF36  actor: Susan George
movieId: RiF36  actor: Ken Norton
movieId: RiF36  actor: Perry King
movieId: RiF36  actor: Brenda Sykes
movieId: RiF39  actor: Mark Lester
movieId: RiF39  actor: Mark Lester
movieId: RiF39  actor: Oliver Reed
movieId: RiF39  actor: Raquel Welch
movieId: RiF39  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: RiF39  actor: George C. Scott
movieId: RiF39  actor: Rex Harrison
movieId: RiF39  actor: David Hemmings
movieId: RiF39  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: RiF39  actor: Harry Andrews
movieId: RiF42  actor: George C. Scott
movieId: RiF42  actor: Stacy Keach
movieId: RiF47  actor: Tony Roberts
movieId: RiF47  actor: Tess Harper
movieId: RiF47  actor: Robert Joy
movieId: RiF47  actor: Candy Clark
movieId: RiF47  actor: John Beal
movieId: RiF47  actor: Leona Dana
movieId: RiF48  actor: Dennis Quaid
movieId: RiF48  actor: Warren Oates
movieId: RiF48  actor: Carlene Watkins
movieId: RiF48  actor: Stan Shaw
movieId: RiF48  actor: Pam Grier
movieId: RiF52  actor: Arnold Schwarzenegger
movieId: RiF52  actor: Wilt Chamberlain
movieId: RiF52  actor: Grace Jones
movieId: RiF52  actor: Sarah Douglas
movieId: RiF52  actor: Olivia D'Abo
movieId: RiF52  actor: Mako
movieId: RiF53  actor: Brigitte Nielsen
movieId: RiF53  actor: Sandahl Bergman
movieId: RiF53  actor: Arnold Schwarzenegger
movieId: RiF53  actor: Ronald Lacey
movieId: RiF53  actor: Pat Roach
movieId: RiF53  actor: Paul Smith
movieId: RiF53  actor: Erie Reyes~jr.
movieId: RiL10  actor: Susan SaintJames
movieId: RiL10  actor: William Conrad
movieId: RiL10  actor: Michael Parks
movieId: RiL10  actor: Dolores Dorn
movieId: RiL10  actor: Cathleen Nesbitt
movieId: RiL10  actor: Jamie Smith Jackson
movieId: RiL10  actor: Diana Douglas
movieId: RiL10  actor: Ellen Geer
movieId: RiL14  actor: Shirley MacLaine
movieId: RiL14  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: RiL14  actor: Bo Derek
movieId: RiL14  actor: Mary Beth Hurt
movieId: RiL14  actor: Michael Brandon
movieId: RiL15  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: RiL15  actor: Brian Keith
movieId: RiL15  actor: Stephen Macht
movieId: RiO15  actor: Conrad Veidt
movieId: RiO50  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: RiO50  actor: Charles Ruggles
movieId: RiO50  actor: Peggy Ann Garner
movieId: RiQ6  actor: Dick Haymes
movieId: RiQ6  actor: Audrey Totter
movieId: RiQ6  actor: Connie Russell
movieId: RiQ6  actor: Cecil Kellaway
movieId: RiQ6  actor: Billy Daniels
movieId: RiQ6  actor: Johnny Downs
movieId: RiQ6  actor: Dick Crockett
movieId: RiQ6  actor: Larry J. Blake
movieId: RiQ15  actor: Judy Holliday
movieId: RiQ15  actor: Paul Douglas
movieId: RiQ15  actor: Fred Clark
movieId: RiQ15  actor: Hiram Sherman
movieId: RiQ15  actor: John Williams
movieId: RiQ15  actor: Arthur OCinnell
movieId: RiQ23  actor: William Holden
movieId: RiQ23  actor: Audrey Hepburn
movieId: RiQ23  actor: Gregoire Aslan
movieId: RiQ23  actor: Noel Coward
movieId: RiQ23  actor: Raymond Bussieres
movieId: RiQ29  actor: Edmond OBrien
movieId: RiQ29  actor: Chuck Connors
movieId: RiQ29  actor: Stella Stevens
movieId: RiQ29  actor: Alex Cord
movieId: RiQ29  actor: Eartha Kitt
movieId: RiQ29  actor: Richard Conte
movieId: RiQ29  actor: Barbara Luna
movieId: RiQ35  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: RiQ35  actor: Peter Sellers Colman
movieId: RiQ35  actor: Lionel Jeffries
movieId: RiQ35  actor: Lynne Frederick
movieId: RiQ35  actor: Elke Sommer
movieId: RiQ35  actor: Gregory Sierra
movieId: RiQ35  actor: Stuart Wilson
movieId: RiQ35  actor: Jeremy Kemp
movieId: RiQ35  actor: Catherine Schell
movieId: RiQ35  actor: Simon Williams
movieId: RiR10  actor: Jamie Lee Curtis
movieId: RiR10  actor: Donald Pleasence
movieId: RiR10  actor: Charles Cyphers
movieId: RiR15  actor: Sean Penn
movieId: RiR15  actor: Reni Santoni
movieId: RiR15  actor: Jim Moody
movieId: RiS10  actor: Marc OShea
movieId: RiS10  actor: Bronagh Gallagher
movieId: RiS10  actor: Michael Liebman
movieId: RiS10  actor: Lorcan Cranitch
movieId: RiS10  actor: Frank Grimes
movieId: RJe1  actor: MiouMiou
movieId: RJe1  actor: Maria Casares
movieId: RjKd10  actor: Rishi Kapoor
movieId: RJR10  actor: Scott Baio
movieId: RJR10  actor: Willie Aames
movieId: RJR10  actor: Felice Schacter
movieId: RJR10  actor: Heather Thomas
movieId: RKa10  actor: Jodie Foster
movieId: RKa10  actor: Gary Busey
movieId: RKa10  actor: Robbie Robertson
movieId: RKa10  actor: Meg Foster
movieId: RKa10  actor: Elisha Cook~jr
movieId: RkB10  actor: Paul Pena
movieId: RkB10  actor: Kongar ol-Ondar
movieId: RkB10  actor: s a
movieId: RkB10  actor: s a
movieId: RKl10  actor: Valerie Landsburg
movieId: RKl10  actor: Terri Nunn
movieId: RKl10  actor: Chick Vennera
movieId: RKl10  actor: Donna Summer
movieId: RKl10  actor: The Commodores
movieId: RkM10  actor: Dennis Quaid
movieId: RkM10  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: RkM10  actor: Charlotee Rampling
movieId: RkM10  actor: Daniel Stern
movieId: RkM10  actor: Jane Kaczmarek
movieId: RkM10  actor: Christopher Neame
movieId: RkM10  actor: Robin Johnson
movieId: RkM10  actor: Rob Knepper
movieId: RkM16  actor: Bob Hoskins
movieId: RKi10  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: RKi10  actor: Susan Clark
movieId: RKi10  actor: Cameron Mitchell
movieId: RKi10  actor: Morgan Woodward
movieId: RKi10  actor: Harris Gulin
movieId: RKi10  actor: Robert Quaig
movieId: RKi10  actor: Joan Lorring
movieId: RKi10  actor: Laurence Dobkin
movieId: RKi10  actor: Ed Lauter
movieId: RKi10  actor: Mills watson
movieId: RKi10  actor: Charles Tyner
movieId: RKi10  actor: s a
movieId: RKi10  actor: s a
movieId: RkK10  actor: Jeff Fahey
movieId: RkK10  actor: Teri Polo
movieId: RkK10  actor: Robert Davis
movieId: RkK10  actor: Martin Donovan
movieId: RkK10  actor: Tia Carriere
movieId: RkK10  actor: Richard Grove
movieId: RkK15  actor: Bendan Fraser
movieId: RkK15  actor: Alicia Silverstone
movieId: RkK15  actor: s a
movieId: RkK15  actor: s a
movieId: RkK15  actor: s a
movieId: RLB10  actor: John Carradine
movieId: RLB10  actor: George Zucco
movieId: RLB10  actor: Ramsay Ames
movieId: RLB10  actor: Robert Lowry
movieId: RLB10  actor: Barton McLaine
movieId: RLB10  actor: Lon Chaney
movieId: RLB10  actor: Jon Hall
movieId: RLB10  actor: Louise Allbritton
movieId: RLB10  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: RLB12  actor: J.Carrol Naish
movieId: RLB12  actor: Acquanetta
movieId: RLB12  actor: Milburn Stone
movieId: RLB12  actor: Evelyn Ankers
movieId: RLB12  actor: Douglas Dumbrille
movieId: RLB22  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: RLB22  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: RLB22  actor: Bela Lugosi
movieId: RLB22  actor: John Carradine
movieId: RLB22  actor: Lon Chaney~jr.
movieId: RLB22  actor: Tor Johnson
movieId: RlE5  actor: s a
movieId: RlE5  actor: s a
movieId: RlE5  actor: Lara Flynn Boyle
movieId: RlE5  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: RlE5  actor: B.G.
movieId: RlE10  actor: JeanClaude vanDamme
movieId: RlE10  actor: Dolph Lundgren
movieId: RlE10  actor: Ally Walker
movieId: RlE20  actor: Bill Pullman
movieId: RlE20  actor: Will Smith
movieId: RlE20  actor: Jeff Goldblum
movieId: RlE20  actor: Judd Hirsch
movieId: RlE20  actor: Randy Quaid
movieId: RlE20  actor: Brent Spiner
movieId: RlE20  actor: Mary McDonnell
movieId: RlE20  actor: Viveka A. Fox
movieId: RlE20  actor: Margaret Colin
movieId: RlE20  actor: Robert Loggia
movieId: RlE20  actor: James Rebhorn
movieId: RlE20  actor: Harvey Fierstein
movieId: RlE20  actor: Dakota
movieId: RlE22  actor: Matthew Broderick
movieId: RlE22  actor: Maria Pitillo
movieId: RlE22  actor: Hank Azaria
movieId: RlE22  actor: Jean Reno
movieId: RlE24  actor: Mel Gibson
movieId: RlE24  actor: Jason Isaacs
movieId: RlE24  actor: Heath Ledger
movieId: RlE24  actor: Lisa Brenner
movieId: RlE24  actor: Tom Wilkinson
movieId: RLG10  actor: Holly Hunter
movieId: RLG10  actor: Danny deVito
movieId: RLG10  actor: Queen Latifah
movieId: RLG10  actor: Martin Donovan
movieId: RLi6  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: RLi6  actor: Mike Kellin
movieId: RLi6  actor: Chris Lemmon
movieId: RLi6  actor: Gregg Henry
movieId: RLi6  actor: Deborah Benson
movieId: RLi10  actor: Jon Voight
movieId: RLi10  actor: Marie-Christine Barrault
movieId: RLi10  actor: Millie Perkins
movieId: RLi10  actor: Richard Crenna
movieId: RLi10  actor: Roxana Zal
movieId: RLi10  actor: Robby Kiger
movieId: RLi10  actor: Son Hoang Bui
movieId: RLi10  actor: Maria OBrien
movieId: RLi20  actor: E-than Randall
movieId: RLi20  actor: Thora Birch
movieId: RLi20  actor: Harley Jane Kozak
movieId: RLi20  actor: Jamey Sheridan
movieId: RLi20  actor: Kevin Nealon
movieId: RLi20  actor: Lauren Bacall
movieId: RLi20  actor: Andrea Martin
movieId: RLi20  actor: Renee Taylor
movieId: RLi20  actor: Leslie Nielsen
movieId: RLi25  actor: D.B. Sweeney
movieId: RLi25  actor: Robert Patrick
movieId: RLi25  actor: James Garner
movieId: RLi25  actor: Peter Bend
movieId: RLi25  actor: Henry Thomas
movieId: RLi25  actor: Kathleen Wilhoite
movieId: RLi25  actor: Craig Sheffer
movieId: RLl10  actor: s a
movieId: RLl10  actor: s a
movieId: RLl13  actor: Adam Goldberg
movieId: RLl13  actor: Anthony Rapp
movieId: RLl13  actor: Rory Cochrane
movieId: RLl13  actor: Milla Jovovich
movieId: RLl13  actor: Jason London
movieId: RLl13  actor: Ben Affleck
movieId: RLl13  actor: Michelle Burke
movieId: RLl13  actor: Wiley Wiggins
movieId: RLl13  actor: Christin Hinojosa
movieId: RLl13  actor: Matt Damon
movieId: RLl15  actor: Ethan Hawke
movieId: RLl15  actor: Julie Delpie
movieId: RLl15  actor: s a
movieId: RLl15  actor: s a
movieId: RLl18  actor: Giovanni Ribisi
movieId: RLl18  actor: Amie Carey
movieId: RLl18  actor: Steve Zahn
movieId: RLl18  actor: Nicky Katt
movieId: RLl18  actor: Jayce Bartok
movieId: RLl18  actor: Dina Spybey
movieId: RLl18  actor: Parker Posey
movieId: RLl21  actor: Ethan Hawke
movieId: RLl21  actor: Julie Delpie
movieId: RlM10  actor: Sinbad
movieId: RlM10  actor: Phil Hartman
movieId: RlM10  actor: Kim Greist
movieId: RLn10  actor: Bill Monroe
movieId: RLn10  actor: Alison Kraus
movieId: RLo10  actor: Sting
movieId: RLo10  actor: Joan Plowright
movieId: RLo10  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: RLo11  actor: Michael Palin
movieId: RLo11  actor: Maggie Smith
movieId: RLo11  actor: Trevor Howard
movieId: RLo11  actor: Michael Hodern
movieId: RLo11  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: RLo24  actor: Ian McKellen
movieId: RLo24  actor: Anette Bening
movieId: RLo24  actor: Kristin ScottThomas
movieId: RLo24  actor: Jim Broadbent
movieId: RLo24  actor: Robert Downey~jr.
movieId: RLo24  actor: Maggie Smith
movieId: RLo24  actor: Nigel Hawthorne
movieId: RLo24  actor: John Wood
movieId: RLT10  actor: Nick Mancuso
movieId: RLT10  actor: Saul Rubinek
movieId: RLT10  actor: Meg Foster
movieId: RLT15  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: RLT15  actor: Chris Makepeace
movieId: RLT15  actor: Eric Fryer
movieId: RLu10  actor: Reese Witherspoon
movieId: RLu10  actor: Matthew Davis
movieId: RLu10  actor: Selma Blair
movieId: RLu10  actor: Luke Wilson
movieId: RLu10  actor: Victor Garbe
movieId: RLu10  actor: Holland Taylor
movieId: RLu10  actor: Hardin
movieId: RLu10  actor: sa
movieId: RLu10  actor: sa
movieId: RLu10  actor: sa
movieId: RLu10  actor: sa
movieId: RLu10  actor: Raquel Welch
movieId: RlW10  actor: Emily Fitzroy
movieId: RlW10  actor: Louise Fazenda
movieId: RlW10  actor: Robert McKim
movieId: RlW10  actor: Jack Pickford
movieId: RM1  actor: Helen Morgan
movieId: RM1  actor: Joan Peers
movieId: RM1  actor: Henry Wadsworth
movieId: RM1  actor: Fuller Mellish~jr.
movieId: RM2  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: RM2  actor: Sylvia Sidney
movieId: RM2  actor: Guy Kibbee
movieId: RM3  actor: Fredric March
movieId: RM3  actor: Miriam Hopkins
movieId: RM3  actor: Rose Hobart
movieId: RM3  actor: Sara Allgood
movieId: RM3  actor: Edgar Norton
movieId: RM4  actor: Maurice Chevalier
movieId: RM4  actor: Jeanette MacDonald
movieId: RM4  actor: Charles Ruggles
movieId: RM4  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: RM4  actor: Charles Butterworth
movieId: RM4  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: RM4  actor: Elizabeth Patterson
movieId: RM4  actor: Ethel Griffies
movieId: RM4  actor: Blanche Friderici
movieId: RM4  actor: Joseph Cawthorn
movieId: RM4  actor: Robert Greig
movieId: RM4  actor: Ethel Wales
movieId: RM4  actor: Marion `Peanuts' Byron
movieId: RM4  actor: Mary Doran
movieId: RM4  actor: Bert Roach
movieId: RM4  actor: Cecil Cunningham
movieId: RM4  actor: Tyler Brooke
movieId: RM4  actor: Edgar Norton
movieId: RM5  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: RM5  actor: Brian Aherne
movieId: RM5  actor: Lionel Atwill
movieId: RM5  actor: Alison Skipworth
movieId: RM5  actor: Hardie Albright
movieId: RM5  actor: Helen Freeman
movieId: RM6  actor: Greta Garbo
movieId: RM6  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: RM6  actor: John Gilbert
movieId: RM6  actor: Ian Keith
movieId: RM6  actor: Reginald Owen
movieId: RM6  actor: Elizabeth Young
movieId: RM7  actor: Anna Sten
movieId: RM7  actor: Fredric March
movieId: RM7  actor: Jane Baxter
movieId: RM7  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: RM7  actor: Ethel Griffies
movieId: RM8  actor: Miriam Hopkins
movieId: RM8  actor: Cedric Hardwicke
movieId: RM8  actor: Frances Dee
movieId: RM8  actor: Billie Burke
movieId: RM8  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: RM9  actor: Ida Lupino
movieId: RM9  actor: Nino Martini
movieId: RM9  actor: Leo Carillo
movieId: RM10  actor: Irene Dunne
movieId: RM10  actor: Randolph Scott
movieId: RM10  actor: Dorothy Lamour
movieId: RM10  actor: Charles Bickford
movieId: RM12  actor: Tyrone Power
movieId: RM12  actor: Linda Darnell
movieId: RM12  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: RM12  actor: Gale Sondergaard
movieId: RM12  actor: J.~Edward Bromberg
movieId: RM12  actor: Montagu Love
movieId: RM13  actor: Tyrone Power
movieId: RM13  actor: Rita Hayworth
movieId: RM13  actor: Linda Darnell
movieId: RM13  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: RM13  actor: Alla Nazimova
movieId: RM13  actor: John Carradine
movieId: RM13  actor: Laird Cregar
movieId: RM13  actor: J.Carrol Naish
movieId: RM13  actor: Lynn Bari
movieId: RM14  actor: Gene Tierney
movieId: RM14  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: RM14  actor: Laird Cregar
movieId: RM14  actor: Spring Byington
movieId: RM15  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: RM15  actor: Gloria DeHaven
movieId: RM15  actor: Walter Huston
movieId: RM15  actor: Agnes Moorehead
movieId: RM15  actor: Marilyn Maxwell
movieId: RM15  actor: Frank Morgan
movieId: RM15  actor: Selena Royle
movieId: RM15  actor: Anne Francis
movieId: RM16  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: RM16  actor: Cyd Charisse
movieId: RM16  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: RM16  actor: Janis Paige
movieId: RM16  actor: George Tobias
movieId: RM16  actor: Jules Munshin
movieId: RM16  actor: Hildegard Knef
movieId: RM16  actor: Joseph Bulloff
movieId: RMa10  actor: Bryan Brown
movieId: RMa10  actor: Jerry Orbach
movieId: RMa10  actor: Brian Dennehy
movieId: RMa10  actor: Diane Venora
movieId: RMa10  actor: Joe Grifasi
movieId: RMa10  actor: Jossie Guzman
movieId: RMa10  actor: Tom Noonan
movieId: RMc10  actor: Shannon Tweed
movieId: RMc10  actor: Andrew Stevens
movieId: RMc10  actor: s a
movieId: RMc10  actor: Richard Chavez
movieId: RMc10  actor: s a
movieId: RMD10  actor: Leslie Caron
movieId: RMD10  actor: George Peppard
movieId: RMD10  actor: Gerry Mulligan
movieId: RMD10  actor: Shelly Manne
movieId: RMD10  actor: Art Farmer
movieId: RMD10  actor: Art Pepper
movieId: RMD10  actor: Andre Previn
movieId: RMD10  actor: Red Mitchell
movieId: RMD10  actor: Carmen McRae
movieId: RMD10  actor: Janice Rule
movieId: RMD10  actor: Jim Hutton
movieId: RMD10  actor: Scott Marlowe
movieId: RMD10  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: RMD10  actor: Arte Johnson
movieId: RMe12  actor: Michael Callan
movieId: RMe12  actor: Wilfrid HydeWhite
movieId: RMe12  actor: Carol Linley
movieId: RMe12  actor: Honor Blackman
movieId: RMe12  actor: Michael Callan
movieId: RMe12  actor: Wendy Hiller
movieId: RMe12  actor: Edward Fox
movieId: RMe12  actor: Daniel Massey
movieId: RMe12  actor: Peter McEnery
movieId: RMe12  actor: Beatrix Lehman
movieId: RMe12  actor: Olivia Hussey
movieId: RMg10  actor: Robert Palmer
movieId: RMg10  actor: Dave A. Stewart
movieId: RMg10  actor: R.L. Burnside
movieId: RMg10  actor: Roosevelt (Booba) Barnes
movieId: RMg10  actor: Leonie Pitchford
movieId: RMg10  actor: Big Jack Johnson
movieId: RMg10  actor: Jesse Mae Hemphill
movieId: RMg15  actor: Boozoo Chavis
movieId: RMg15  actor: Beau Jocque
movieId: RMg17  actor: Peter Rowan
movieId: RMg17  actor: Johnson Mountain Boys
movieId: RMk10  actor: Jack Oakie
movieId: RMk10  actor: Gregory Ratoff
movieId: RMk10  actor: Herman Glogauer
movieId: RMk10  actor: Aline McMahon
movieId: RMk10  actor: Onlow Stevens
movieId: RMk10  actor: Zasu Pitts
movieId: RMk10  actor: Louise Fazenda
movieId: RMk10  actor: Sidney Fox
movieId: RMk10  actor: Russell Hopton
movieId: RMk10  actor: Mona Maris
movieId: RMl1  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: RMl1  actor: Mary Murphy
movieId: RMl1  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: RMl1  actor: Raymond Burr
movieId: RMl1  actor: Arthur Space
movieId: RMl1  actor: Lee VanCleef
movieId: RMl1  actor: Alan Hale~jr
movieId: RMn10  actor: Geena Davis
movieId: RMn10  actor: Hugh Laurie
movieId: RMn10  actor: Jonathan Lipnicki
movieId: RMn10  actor: Michael J, Fox
movieId: RMn10  actor: Nathan Lane
movieId: RMn10  actor: Chazz Palmentieri
movieId: RMo1  actor: Henry Montgomery
movieId: RMo1  actor: `Ellay Morte'
movieId: RMo2  actor: Henry Montgomery
movieId: RMo3  actor: Henry Montgomery
movieId: RMo3  actor: Ann Blyth
movieId: RMo3  actor: Charles McGraw
movieId: RMp13  actor: Ellen Drew
movieId: RMp13  actor: Robert Preston
movieId: RMp13  actor: Otto Kruger
movieId: RMp13  actor: Steve Geray
movieId: RMp13  actor: Ernest Dorian
movieId: RMp13  actor: Tamara Geva
movieId: RMp13  actor: Se Yung
movieId: RMq5  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: RMq5  actor: Kate Nelligan
movieId: RMq5  actor: Chrisopher Cazenove
movieId: RMq5  actor: Ian Bannen
movieId: RMq5  actor: Alex McCrindle
movieId: RMq5  actor: s a
movieId: RMq8  actor: Mark Hamill
movieId: RMq8  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: RMq8  actor: Carrie Fisher
movieId: RMq8  actor: Billy Dee Williams
movieId: RMq8  actor: Anthony Daniels
movieId: RMq8  actor: Peter Mayhew
movieId: RMq8  actor: Kenny Baker
movieId: RMq10  actor: Jeff Bridges
movieId: RMq10  actor: Glenn Close
movieId: RMq10  actor: Peter Coyote
movieId: RMq10  actor: Robert Loggia
movieId: RMq10  actor: Leigh TaylorYoung
movieId: RMq10  actor: John Dehner
movieId: RMr10  actor: Farley Granger
movieId: RMr10  actor: Marc Stevens
movieId: RMr10  actor: Tina Russell
movieId: RMr10  actor: Harry Reems
movieId: RMr10  actor: Kim Pope
movieId: RMr10  actor: Sylvia Koscina
movieId: RMt10  actor: Hugh Grant
movieId: RMt10  actor: Julia Roberts
movieId: RMt10  actor: James Dreyfus
movieId: RMt10  actor: Rhys Jens
movieId: RMt10  actor: Gina McKee
movieId: RMt10  actor: s a
movieId: RMt10  actor: Tim McInnery
movieId: RMt10  actor: s a
movieId: RMu6  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: RMu6  actor: Brock Peters
movieId: RMu6  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: RMu6  actor: Mary Badham
movieId: RMu6  actor: Philip Alford
movieId: RMu6  actor: s a
movieId: RMu7  actor: Rock Hudson
movieId: RMu7  actor: Burl Ives
movieId: RMu7  actor: Geoffrey Keen
movieId: RMu7  actor: Gena Rowlands
movieId: RMu7  actor: Will Kulva
movieId: RMu7  actor: Neva Patterson
movieId: RMu7  actor: Philip Abbott
movieId: RMu18  actor: Steve McQueen
movieId: RMu18  actor: Lee Remick
movieId: RMu18  actor: Don Murray
movieId: RMu19  actor: Natalie Wood
movieId: RMu19  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: RMu19  actor: Ruth Gordon
movieId: RMu19  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: RMu19  actor: Christopher Plummer
movieId: RMu25  actor: Sandy Dennis
movieId: RMu25  actor: Patrick Bedford
movieId: RMu25  actor: Eileen Heckart
movieId: RMu25  actor: Ruth White
movieId: RMu25  actor: Jean Stapleton
movieId: RMu25  actor: Sorrel Booke
movieId: RMu37  actor: Alan Alda
movieId: RMu37  actor: Ellen Burstyn
movieId: RMu41  actor: Richard Gere
movieId: RMu41  actor: Paul Sorvino
movieId: RMu41  actor: Tony LoBianco
movieId: RMu41  actor: Marilu Henner
movieId: RMu46  actor: Sally Field
movieId: RMu46  actor: James Caan
movieId: RMu46  actor: Paul Dooley
movieId: RMu46  actor: Claire Trevor
movieId: RMu46  actor: Mildred Natwick
movieId: RMu46  actor: William Prince
movieId: RMu50  actor: Sam Waterston
movieId: RMu50  actor: Tess Harper
movieId: RMu50  actor: Gail Strickland
movieId: RMw3  actor: Maximiliam Schell
movieId: RMw10  actor: Marcy Walker
movieId: RMw10  actor: Dan Lauria
movieId: RMw10  actor: Terence Knox
movieId: RMw10  actor: s a
movieId: RMw10  actor: s a
movieId: RMw10  actor: Taylor Miller
movieId: RMw10  actor: s a
movieId: RMw10  actor: s a
movieId: RMw13  actor: Robert Loggia
movieId: RMw13  actor: Michael Rooker
movieId: RMw13  actor: Welken White
movieId: RMw13  actor: Richard Jenkins
movieId: RMw13  actor: Vincent Spano
movieId: RMw13  actor: Andy Romano
movieId: RMw13  actor: Basil Wallace
movieId: RMw13  actor: Gary Basaraba
movieId: RMw13  actor: Dion Anderson
movieId: RMw13  actor: Casey Friel
movieId: RMw13  actor: Kathy Lemons
movieId: RMw13  actor: Daniel Benzali
movieId: RMw13  actor: Laura Dern
movieId: RMw15  actor: s a
movieId: RMw15  actor: Jamie Lee Curtus
movieId: RMw15  actor: Alan Bates
movieId: RMY10  actor: Bruce Davidson
movieId: RMY10  actor: Jos\'e Perez
movieId: RMY10  actor: Joe Carberry
movieId: RMY10  actor: Nathan George
movieId: RMY10  actor: Don Blakely
movieId: RMY10  actor: Miguel Pinero
movieId: RMY15  actor: Paul Simon
movieId: RMY15  actor: Blair Marion
movieId: RMY15  actor: Rip Torn
movieId: RMY15  actor: Joan Hackett
movieId: RMY15  actor: Mare Winningham
movieId: RMY15  actor: Harper Simon
movieId: RMY15  actor: Lou Reed
movieId: RMY15  actor: Allen Goorwitz
movieId: RmF10  actor: Warwick Davis
movieId: RNB10  actor: John Wayne
movieId: RNB10  actor: Ceclia Parker
movieId: RNB10  actor: George `Gabby' Hayes
movieId: RNB10  actor: Forrest Taylor
movieId: RNB10  actor: Earl Dwire
movieId: RnC10  actor: Joanna Curtin
movieId: RnC10  actor: Gregory Harrison
movieId: RnC10  actor: Carl Donner
movieId: RnC10  actor: sa
movieId: RnC10  actor: s a
movieId: RnC10  actor: s a
movieId: RnC10  actor: s a
movieId: RnC10  actor: s a
movieId: RNe1  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: RNe1  actor: Jackie Gleason
movieId: RNe1  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: RNe1  actor: Julie Harris
movieId: RNe1  actor: Stan Adams
movieId: RNe1  actor: Madame Spivey
movieId: RNe1  actor: Jack Dempsay
movieId: RNe1  actor: Cassius Clay
movieId: RNe2  actor: Sidney Potier
movieId: RNe10  actor: Cliff Robertson
movieId: RNe10  actor: Claire Bloom
movieId: RNe10  actor: Dick VanPatten
movieId: RNe10  actor: leon Janney
movieId: RNe10  actor: Lilia Skala
movieId: RNe15  actor: Candice Bergen
movieId: RNe15  actor: Peter Strauss
movieId: RNe15  actor: Donald Pleasence
movieId: RNe23  actor: Rock Hudson
movieId: RNe23  actor: Diane Ladd
movieId: RNe23  actor: Barbara Carrera
movieId: RNe23  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: RNi10  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: RNi10  actor: Bill Baile
movieId: RNi10  actor: Jim Haynie
movieId: RNi10  actor: John Masley
movieId: RNi10  actor: John Dern
movieId: RNi10  actor: Jeffrey Hayes
movieId: RnH10  actor: Robin Harris
movieId: RnH13  actor: Eddie Murphy
movieId: RnH13  actor: Robin Givens
movieId: RnH13  actor: Eartha Kitt
movieId: RnH13  actor: Geoffrey Holder
movieId: RnH13  actor: Grace Jones
movieId: RnH13  actor: Halle Berry
movieId: RnH13  actor: David Alan Grier
movieId: RnH13  actor: Martin Lawrence
movieId: RNo10  actor: Viktor Tsoi
movieId: RNo10  actor: Marina Smirnova
movieId: RNo10  actor: Pyotr Mamonov
movieId: RNo20  actor: Konstantin Fyodorov
movieId: RNo20  actor: Zhanna Isina
movieId: RNo20  actor: Gennadi Statunov
movieId: RoA4  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: RoA4  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: RoA4  actor: Denise Darcel
movieId: RoA4  actor: Cesar Romero
movieId: RoA4  actor: George Macready
movieId: RoA4  actor: Sarita Moniel
movieId: RoA4  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: RoA4  actor: Morris Ankrum
movieId: RoA4  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: RoA5  actor: Ralph Meeker
movieId: RoA5  actor: Marian Carr
movieId: RoA5  actor: Cloris Leachman
movieId: RoA7  actor: Rod Steiger
movieId: RoA7  actor: Jack Palance
movieId: RoA7  actor: Wendell Corey
movieId: RoA7  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: RoA7  actor: Everett Sloane
movieId: RoA7  actor: Jean Hagen
movieId: RoA7  actor: Ilka Chase
movieId: RoA7  actor: Ida Lupino
movieId: RoA7  actor: Wesley Addy
movieId: RoA22  actor: Stewart Granger
movieId: RoA22  actor: Stanley Baker
movieId: RoA22  actor: Pier Angeli
movieId: RoA22  actor: Anouk Aim\'ee
movieId: RoA22  actor: Rossana Podesta
movieId: RoA23  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: RoA23  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: RoA23  actor: Victor Buono
movieId: RoA23  actor: Anna Lee
movieId: RoA25  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: RoA25  actor: Olivia deHavilland
movieId: RoA25  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: RoA25  actor: Cecil Kellaway
movieId: RoA25  actor: Victor Buono
movieId: RoA25  actor: Mary Astor
movieId: RoA25  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: RoA25  actor: George Kenedy
movieId: RoA25  actor: William Marshall
movieId: RoA25  actor: Wesley Addy
movieId: RoA25  actor: Cecil Kellaway
movieId: RoA25  actor: Agnes Moorehead
movieId: RoA26  actor: James Stewart
movieId: RoA26  actor: Richard Attenborough
movieId: RoA26  actor: Hardy Kruger
movieId: RoA26  actor: Peter Finch
movieId: RoA26  actor: Dan Duryea
movieId: RoA26  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: RoA26  actor: Ian Bannen
movieId: RoA26  actor: Ronald Fraser
movieId: RoA26  actor: Christian Marquand
movieId: RoA26  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: RoA28  actor: Lee Marvin
movieId: RoA28  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: RoA28  actor: Jim Brown
movieId: RoA28  actor: John Cassavetes
movieId: RoA28  actor: Robert Ryan
movieId: RoA28  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: RoA28  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: RoA28  actor: Richard Jaeckel
movieId: RoA28  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: RoA28  actor: Trini Lopez
movieId: RoA28  actor: Ralph Meeker
movieId: RoA28  actor: Telly Savalas
movieId: RoA28  actor: Clint Walker
movieId: RoA28  actor: Robert Webber
movieId: RoA32  actor: Peter Finch
movieId: RoA32  actor: Kim Novak
movieId: RoA32  actor: Kim Novak
movieId: RoA32  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: RoA32  actor: Coral Browne
movieId: RoA32  actor: s a
movieId: RoA32  actor: Milton Seltzer
movieId: RoA32  actor: Rossella Falk
movieId: RoA32  actor: Gabriele Tinti
movieId: RoA32  actor: Valentina Cortesa
movieId: RoA32  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: RoA32  actor: Michael Murphy
movieId: RoA32  actor: Ernst Borgnine
movieId: RoA32  actor: Michael Fox
movieId: RoA35  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: RoA35  actor: Cliff Robertson
movieId: RoA35  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: RoA41  actor: Kim Darby
movieId: RoA41  actor: Scott Wilson
movieId: RoA41  actor: Irene Daily
movieId: RoA41  actor: Tony Musante
movieId: RoA45  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: RoA45  actor: Bruce Davison
movieId: RoA48  actor: Lee Marvin
movieId: RoA48  actor: Keith carradine
movieId: RoA48  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: RoA57  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: RoA57  actor: Catherine Deneuve
movieId: RoA57  actor: Ben Johnson
movieId: RoA57  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: RoA57  actor: Paul Winfield
movieId: RoA57  actor: Eileen Brennan
movieId: RoA57  actor: Eddie Albert
movieId: RoA57  actor: Catherine Bach
movieId: RoA57  actor: Jack Carter
movieId: RoA64  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: RoA64  actor: Ed Lauter
movieId: RoA64  actor: Eddie Albert
movieId: RoA64  actor: Bernadette Peters
movieId: RoA65  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: RoA65  actor: Charles Durning
movieId: RoA65  actor: Richard Widmark
movieId: RoA66  actor: Chales Duning
movieId: RoA66  actor: Burt Young
movieId: RoA66  actor: Louis Gossett~jr.
movieId: RoA66  actor: Randy Quaid
movieId: RoA66  actor: James Woods
movieId: RoA68  actor: Gene Wilder
movieId: RoA68  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: RoA70  actor: Peter Falk
movieId: RoA70  actor: Vicki Frederick
movieId: RoA70  actor: Laurene Landon
movieId: RoA70  actor: Burt Young
movieId: RoA70  actor: Tracy Reed
movieId: RoD10  actor: Kelly Reno
movieId: RoD10  actor: Vincent Spano
movieId: RoD10  actor: Teri Garr
movieId: RoD10  actor: Woody Strode
movieId: RoD10  actor: Allen Goorwitz
movieId: RoE10  actor: Glenda Jackson
movieId: RoE10  actor: Mona Washbourne
movieId: RoE10  actor: Alen McCowen
movieId: RoE10  actor: Trevor Howard
movieId: RoH10  actor: Tomisaburo Watanabe
movieId: RoH30  actor: David Keith
movieId: RoH30  actor: Deborah May
movieId: RoH30  actor: Ray Sharkey
movieId: RoH30  actor: Loretta Devine
movieId: RoH30  actor: Karen Black
movieId: RoH30  actor: Kristen Cloke
movieId: RoH30  actor: Charlie Spradling
movieId: RoH30  actor: Vernee Watson Johnson
movieId: RoH30  actor: Rick Dean
movieId: RoH30  actor: Paddi Edwards
movieId: RoF20  actor: Colman King
movieId: RoF20  actor: Maggie Dirane
movieId: RoF30  actor: Sabu
movieId: RoF30  actor: Walter HuddF
movieId: RoF30  actor: Allan Jeayes
movieId: RoF30  actor: W.E. Holloway
movieId: RoF30  actor: Wilfrid Hyde White
movieId: RoJ1  actor: Sam Waterston
movieId: RoJ1  actor: Haing S. Ngor
movieId: RoJ1  actor: John Malkovich
movieId: RoJ1  actor: Craig T. Nelson
movieId: RoJ1  actor: Athol Fugard
movieId: RoJ1  actor: Julian Sands
movieId: RoJ1  actor: Spalding Gray
movieId: RoJ10  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: RoJ10  actor: John Cusack
movieId: RoJ10  actor: Bonnie Bedelia
movieId: RoJ10  actor: Laura Dern
movieId: RoJ10  actor: Tim Burton
movieId: RoJ10  actor: Dwight Schultz
movieId: RoJ20  actor: Patricia Arquette
movieId: RoJ20  actor: Dermot Mulroney
movieId: RoJ20  actor: Ellen deGeneres
movieId: RoJ20  actor: MarieLouise Parker
movieId: RoJ20  actor: Don Johnson
movieId: RoL10  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: RoL10  actor: Mitzi Gaynor
movieId: RoL10  actor: Zizi Jeanmaire
movieId: RoL10  actor: Phil Harris
movieId: RoL10  actor: Donald OConnor
movieId: RoL59  actor: Dana Hill
movieId: RoL59  actor: Melinda Dillon
movieId: RoL59  actor: Richard Masur
movieId: RoL60  actor: Suzanne Pleshette
movieId: RoL60  actor: Don Murray
movieId: RoL60  actor: Tony Roberts
movieId: RoL60  actor: Arte Johnson
movieId: RoN3  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: RoN3  actor: Petula Clark
movieId: RoN3  actor: Glynis Johns
movieId: RoN5  actor: Robert Flyming
movieId: RoN5  actor: Gloria Grahame
movieId: RoN5  actor: Stephen Boyd
movieId: RoN5  actor: Laurence Naismith
movieId: RoN5  actor: Josephine Griffin
movieId: RoN8  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: RoN8  actor: Kay Walsh
movieId: RoN9  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: RoN9  actor: John Mills
movieId: RoN9  actor: Susannah York
movieId: RoN9  actor: Dennis Price
movieId: RoN9  actor: Kay Walsh
movieId: RoN9  actor: Kenneth Macrae
movieId: RoN16  actor: Maggie Smith
movieId: RoN16  actor: Celia Johnson
movieId: RoN16  actor: Robert Stephens
movieId: RoN16  actor: Pamela Franklin
movieId: RoN17  actor: Albert Finney
movieId: RoN17  actor: David Collings
movieId: RoN17  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: RoN17  actor: Kenneth Moore
movieId: RoN17  actor: Edith Evans
movieId: RoN17  actor: Paddy Stone
movieId: RoN18  actor: Shelly Winters
movieId: RoN18  actor: Jack Albertson
movieId: RoN18  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: RoN18  actor: Stella Stevens
movieId: RoN18  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: RoN18  actor: Carol Lynley
movieId: RoN18  actor: Red Buttons
movieId: RoN18  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: RoN18  actor: Angela Cartwright
movieId: RoN18  actor: Arthur OConnell
movieId: RoN18  actor: Pamela Sue Martin
movieId: RoN18  actor: Leslie Nielsen
movieId: RoN22  actor: Jon Voight
movieId: RoN22  actor: Maximilian Schell
movieId: RoN22  actor: Maria Schell
movieId: RoN22  actor: Mary Tamm
movieId: RoN28  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: RoN28  actor: Natalie Wood
movieId: RoN28  actor: Karl Malden
movieId: RoN28  actor: Brian Keith
movieId: RoN28  actor: Martin Landau
movieId: RoN28  actor: Trevor Howard
movieId: RoN28  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: RoN28  actor: Joseph Campanella
movieId: RoN28  actor: Peter Bourne
movieId: RoN28  actor: Georgy Ganz
movieId: RoN30  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: RoN30  actor: Glenda Jackson
movieId: RoN30  actor: Ned Beatty
movieId: RoN30  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: RoN30  actor: George baker
movieId: RoN32  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: RoN32  actor: Jill Clayburgh
movieId: RoP2  actor: Catherine Deneuve
movieId: RoP2  actor: Ian Hendry
movieId: RoP2  actor: John Fraser
movieId: RoP2  actor: Patrick Wymark
movieId: RoP2  actor: Yvonne Furneaux
movieId: RoP3  actor: Donald Pleasence
movieId: RoP3  actor: Francoise Dorelac
movieId: RoP4  actor: Jack MacGowran
movieId: RoP4  actor: Roman Polanski
movieId: RoP4  actor: Alfie Bass
movieId: RoP4  actor: Sharon Tate
movieId: RoP4  actor: Ferdy Mayne
movieId: RoP4  actor: Iain Quarrier
movieId: RoP4  actor: Terry Downes
movieId: RoP4  actor: Mia Farrow
movieId: RoP4  actor: John Cassavetes
movieId: RoP4  actor: Fional Lewis
movieId: RoP5  actor: Ruth Gordon
movieId: RoP5  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: RoP5  actor: Patsy Kelly
movieId: RoP5  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: RoP5  actor: Charles Grodin
movieId: RoP5  actor: Maurice Evans
movieId: RoP5  actor: Angela Dorian
movieId: RoP5  actor: Elisha Cook
movieId: RoP5  actor: William Castle
movieId: RoP6  actor: Jon Finch
movieId: RoP6  actor: Francesca Annis
movieId: RoP6  actor: s a
movieId: RoP7  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: RoP7  actor: Sydne Rome
movieId: RoP7  actor: Didi Hallervorden
movieId: RoP7  actor: Roman Polanski
movieId: RoP8  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: RoP8  actor: Faye Dunaway
movieId: RoP8  actor: John Huston
movieId: RoP8  actor: Darrell Zwerling
movieId: RoP8  actor: Perry Lopez
movieId: RoP8  actor: John Hillerman
movieId: RoP8  actor: Diane Ladd
movieId: RoP8  actor: Roy Jenson
movieId: RoP8  actor: Roman Polanski
movieId: RoP8  actor: George Justin
movieId: RoP8  actor: Doc Erickson
movieId: RoP8  actor: Burt Young
movieId: RoP8  actor: Joe Mantell
movieId: RoP9  actor: Roman Polanski
movieId: RoP9  actor: Isabelle Adjani
movieId: RoP9  actor: Melvyn douglas
movieId: RoP9  actor: Jo vanFrleet
movieId: RoP9  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: RoP10  actor: Nastassia Kinski
movieId: RoP10  actor: Peter Firth
movieId: RoP10  actor: Leigh Lawson
movieId: RoP10  actor: John Collin
movieId: RoP10  actor: Tony Church
movieId: RoP15  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: RoP15  actor: Emmanuelle Seigner
movieId: RoP15  actor: Betty Buckley
movieId: RoP15  actor: John Mahoney
movieId: RoP15  actor: Jimmie Ray Weeks
movieId: RoP15  actor: Alexandra Stewart
movieId: RoP15  actor: David Huddlestone
movieId: RoP20  actor: Peter Coyote
movieId: RoP20  actor: Emmanuelle Seigner
movieId: RoP20  actor: Kristin ScottThomas
movieId: RoP20  actor: Hugh Grant
movieId: RoP20  actor: Victor Banerjee
movieId: RoP22  actor: Stuart Wilson
movieId: RoP22  actor: Sigournet Weaver
movieId: RoP22  actor: Ben Kingsley
movieId: RoP27  actor: Jonny Depp
movieId: RoP27  actor: Frank Sangella
movieId: RoR1  actor: John Garfield
movieId: RoR1  actor: Lilli Palmer
movieId: RoR1  actor: Hazel Brooks
movieId: RoR1  actor: Anne Revere
movieId: RoR1  actor: William Conrad
movieId: RoR1  actor: Joseph Pevney
movieId: RoR1  actor: Canada Lee
movieId: RoR2  actor: Broderick Crawford
movieId: RoR2  actor: Joanne Dru
movieId: RoR2  actor: John Ireland
movieId: RoR2  actor: John Derek
movieId: RoR2  actor: Mercedes McCambridge
movieId: RoR2  actor: Anne Seymour
movieId: RoR2  actor: Shepperd Strudwick
movieId: RoR5  actor: Richard Burton
movieId: RoR5  actor: Fredric March
movieId: RoR5  actor: Danielle Darieux
movieId: RoR5  actor: Claire Bloom
movieId: RoR5  actor: Barry Jones
movieId: RoR5  actor: Harry Andrews
movieId: RoR5  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: RoR5  actor: Stanley Baker
movieId: RoR5  actor: Michael Hodern
movieId: RoR5  actor: Niall MacGinnis
movieId: RoR6  actor: James mason
movieId: RoR6  actor: Joan Fontaine
movieId: RoR6  actor: Harry Belafonte
movieId: RoR6  actor: John Williams
movieId: RoR6  actor: Dorothy Dandridge
movieId: RoR6  actor: Joan Collins
movieId: RoR6  actor: Michael Rennie
movieId: RoR6  actor: Patricia Owens
movieId: RoR6  actor: Stephen Boyd
movieId: RoR6  actor: Basil Sidney
movieId: RoR6  actor: Diana Wynyard
movieId: RoR6  actor: Ronald Squire
movieId: RoR6  actor: John Justin
movieId: RoR8  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: RoR8  actor: Piper Laurie
movieId: RoR8  actor: Myron McCormick
movieId: RoR8  actor: George C. Scott
movieId: RoR8  actor: Jackie Gleason
movieId: RoR8  actor: Vincent Gardenia
movieId: RoR10  actor: Warren Beatty
movieId: RoR10  actor: Jean Seberg
movieId: RoR10  actor: Peter Fonda
movieId: RoR10  actor: Kim Hunter
movieId: RoR10  actor: Anne Meacham
movieId: RoR10  actor: James Patterson
movieId: RoR10  actor: Jessica Walter
movieId: RoR10  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: RoR25  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: RoR25  actor: Rita Hayworth
movieId: RoR25  actor: Van Heflin
movieId: RoR25  actor: Tab Hunter
movieId: RoR25  actor: Richard Conte
movieId: RoR25  actor: Michael Callan
movieId: RoR25  actor: Dick York
movieId: RoR25  actor: Robert Keith
movieId: RoS3  actor: Cedric Hardwicke
movieId: RoS3  actor: Nova Pilbeam
movieId: RoS3  actor: John Mills
movieId: RoS3  actor: Felix Aylmer
movieId: RoS3  actor: Leslie Perrins
movieId: RoS3  actor: Frank Cellier
movieId: RoS3  actor: Desmond Tester
movieId: RoS3  actor: Gwen Frangcon Davies
movieId: RoS3  actor: Sybil Thorndike
movieId: RoS3  actor: Martita Hunt
movieId: RoS3  actor: Miles Malleson
movieId: RoS3  actor: John Laurie
movieId: RoS6  actor: Cedric Hardwicke
movieId: RoS6  actor: Paul Robeson
movieId: RoS6  actor: Roland Young
movieId: RoS6  actor: John Loder
movieId: RoS6  actor: Anna Lee
movieId: RoS6  actor: Sydney Fairbrother
movieId: RoS6  actor: Robert Adams
movieId: RoS11  actor: Jimmy Lydon
movieId: RoS11  actor: Cedric Harwicke
movieId: RoS11  actor: Billy Halop
movieId: RoS11  actor: Freddie Bartholomew
movieId: RoS11  actor: Gale Storm
movieId: RoS11  actor: Josephine Hutchinson
movieId: RoS13  actor: Margaret Sullavan
movieId: RoS13  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: RoS13  actor: Richard Carlson
movieId: RoS13  actor: Frank McHugh
movieId: RoS13  actor: Tim Holt
movieId: RoS13  actor: Frank Jenks
movieId: RoS13  actor: Esther Dale
movieId: RoS13  actor: Samuel L. Hinds
movieId: RoS13  actor: Peggy Stewart
movieId: RoS13  actor: Neil ODay
movieId: RoS13  actor: Kitty ONeil
movieId: RoS17  actor: Dick Powell
movieId: RoS17  actor: Signe Hasso
movieId: RoS17  actor: Ludwig Donath
movieId: RoS17  actor: Vladimir Sokoloff
movieId: RoS17  actor: Edgar Barrier
movieId: RoS50  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: RoS50  actor: Virginia Gregg
movieId: RoS50  actor: Robert Emhardt
movieId: RoS51  actor: Peter Lawford
movieId: RoS51  actor: John Williams
movieId: RoS52  actor: Philip Reed
movieId: RoS52  actor: Robert Newton
movieId: RoS52  actor: Peggy Knudsen
movieId: RoS52  actor: Johnny Silver
movieId: RoS52  actor: Cyril Delevanti
movieId: RoS53  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: RoS53  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: RoS53  actor: s a
movieId: RoS53  actor: s a
movieId: RoS54  actor: Estelle Winwood
movieId: RoS54  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: RoS54  actor: Norma Crane
movieId: RoS54  actor: Dobbs Greer
movieId: RoS54  actor: Emerson Treacy
movieId: RoS54  actor: Chads B.
movieId: RoS55  actor: Ruth Hussey
movieId: RoS60  actor: Dorothy McGuire
movieId: RoS60  actor: Fess Parker
movieId: RoS60  actor: Jeff York
movieId: RoS60  actor: Chuck Connors
movieId: RoS60  actor: Beverly Washburn
movieId: RoS60  actor: Tommy Kirk
movieId: RoS60  actor: Kevin Corcoran
movieId: RoS60  actor: Spike
movieId: RoS65  actor: Albert Sharpe
movieId: RoS65  actor: Janet Munro
movieId: RoS65  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: RoS65  actor: Jimmy ODea
movieId: RoS68  actor: Fred MacMurray
movieId: RoS68  actor: Jean Hagen
movieId: RoS68  actor: Tommy Kirk
movieId: RoS68  actor: Cecil Kellaway
movieId: RoS68  actor: Anette Funicello
movieId: RoS68  actor: Tim Considine
movieId: RoS68  actor: Kevin Corcoran
movieId: RoS68  actor: Alexander Scoursby
movieId: RoS70  actor: Ronald Howard
movieId: RoS70  actor: Juano Hernandez
movieId: RoS70  actor: Kenneth Tobey
movieId: RoS70  actor: Douglas Kennedy
movieId: RoS70  actor: Ruby Goodwin
movieId: RoS70  actor: James Coburn
movieId: RoS70  actor: Brad Weston
movieId: RoS85  actor: Fred MacMurray
movieId: RoS85  actor: Nancy Olson
movieId: RoS85  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: RoS85  actor: Tommy Kirk
movieId: RoS85  actor: Ed Wynn
movieId: RoS85  actor: The Pentagon
movieId: RoS90  actor: Julie Andrews
movieId: RoS90  actor: David Tomlinson
movieId: RoS90  actor: Glynis Jones
movieId: RoS90  actor: Dick vanDyke
movieId: RoS90  actor: Reginald Owen
movieId: RoS90  actor: Ed Wynn
movieId: RoS90  actor: Mathew Garber
movieId: RoS90  actor: Karen Dotrice
movieId: RoS90  actor: Hermione Baddeley
movieId: RoS90  actor: Elsa Lanchester
movieId: RoS90  actor: Arthur Treacher
movieId: RoS90  actor: Jane Darwell
movieId: RoS92  actor: Hayley Mills
movieId: RoS92  actor: Dean Jones
movieId: RoS92  actor: Dorothy Provine
movieId: RoS92  actor: Elsa Lanchester
movieId: RoS92  actor: William Demarest
movieId: RoS92  actor: Neville Brand
movieId: RoS92  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: RoS92  actor: Frank Gorshin
movieId: RoS92  actor: Ed Wynn
movieId: RoS94  actor: Walter Brennan
movieId: RoS94  actor: Matthew Garber
movieId: RoS94  actor: Jerome Cowan
movieId: RoS94  actor: Karen Dotrice
movieId: RoS94  actor: Richard Deacon
movieId: RoS94  actor: Ed Wynn
movieId: RoS95  actor: Peter Ustinov
movieId: RoS95  actor: Dean Jones
movieId: RoS95  actor: Suzanne Pleshette
movieId: RoS95  actor: Elsa Lanchester
movieId: RoS95  actor: Richard Deacon
movieId: RoS98  actor: David Tomlinson
movieId: RoS98  actor: Dean Jones
movieId: RoS98  actor: Michele Lee
movieId: RoS98  actor: Buddy Hackett
movieId: RoS100  actor: Angela Lansbury
movieId: RoS100  actor: David Tomlinson
movieId: RoS100  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: RoS100  actor: Sam Jaffe
movieId: RoS100  actor: Barbara Morrison
movieId: RoS110  actor: Jane Lapotaire
movieId: RoS112  actor: Dean Jones
movieId: RoS112  actor: Tim Conway
movieId: RoS112  actor: Suzanne Pleshette
movieId: RoS112  actor: Jo Anne Worley
movieId: RoS112  actor: Vic Tayback
movieId: RoS112  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: RoS112  actor: Dick VanPatten
movieId: RoS112  actor: s a
movieId: RoS112  actor: s a
movieId: RoS112  actor: s a
movieId: RoS112  actor: s a
movieId: RoS120  actor: David Hartman
movieId: RoS120  actor: Donald Sinden
movieId: RoS120  actor: Jacques Marin
movieId: RoS120  actor: Mako
movieId: RoT20  actor: William Sylvester
movieId: RoT20  actor: Bernard lee
movieId: RoT20  actor: David Kossoff
movieId: RoT20  actor: Nancy Nevinson
movieId: RoV1  actor: Brigitte Bardot
movieId: RoV1  actor: Curt Jurgens
movieId: RoV1  actor: Jean Louis Trintigant
movieId: RoV1  actor: Christian Marquand
movieId: RoV1  actor: Georges Poujouly
movieId: RoV1  actor: Jane Marken
movieId: RoV1  actor: Paul Faivre
movieId: RoV2  actor: Brigitte Bardot
movieId: RoV3  actor: Gerard Philipe
movieId: RoV3  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: RoV3  actor: Annette Stroyberg
movieId: RoV3  actor: Jeanne Valerie
movieId: RoV3  actor: Jean-Louis Trintignant
movieId: RoV3  actor: Simone Reanant
movieId: RoV7  actor: Marie Dubois
movieId: RoV7  actor: Claude Girard
movieId: RoV7  actor: Anna Karina
movieId: RoV7  actor: JeanClaude Brialy
movieId: RoV7  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: RoV7  actor: Maurice Ronet
movieId: RoV7  actor: Catherine Spaak
movieId: RoV7  actor: Bernard Noel
movieId: RoV7  actor: Francine Spaak
movieId: RoV7  actor: Jean Sorel
movieId: RoV10  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: RoV10  actor: John Phillip Law
movieId: RoV10  actor: David Hemmings
movieId: RoV10  actor: Marcel Marceau
movieId: RoV10  actor: Anita Pallenberg
movieId: RoV10  actor: Milo OShea
movieId: RoV10  actor: Ugo Tognazzi
movieId: RoV10  actor: Claude Dauphin
movieId: RoV10  actor: s a
movieId: RoV13  actor: Rock Hudson
movieId: RoV13  actor: Angie Dickinson
movieId: RoV13  actor: Telly Savalas
movieId: RoV13  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: RoV13  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: RoV15  actor: Brigitte Bardot
movieId: RoV15  actor: Jane Birkin
movieId: RoV15  actor: Maurice Ronet
movieId: RoW10  actor: Martha Byrne
movieId: RoW10  actor: Dina Merrill
movieId: RoW10  actor: Mark Patton
movieId: RoW10  actor: Jack Ryland
movieId: RoW10  actor: Donna Mitchell
movieId: RoW10  actor: Loretta Divine
movieId: RoW10  actor: Jack Gilford
movieId: RPa10  actor: Dick Powell
movieId: RPa10  actor: Rhonda Flemming
movieId: RPa10  actor: Richard Erdman
movieId: RPa10  actor: William conrad
movieId: RPa10  actor: Regis Toomey
movieId: RPa10  actor: Jay Adler
movieId: RPa15  actor: Joel McCrea
movieId: RPa15  actor: Yvonne deCarlo
movieId: RPa15  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: RPa15  actor: Florence Bates
movieId: RPa25  actor: Telly Savalas
movieId: RPa25  actor: Robert Shaw
movieId: RPa25  actor: Stella Stevens
movieId: RPa25  actor: Martin Landau
movieId: RPe8  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: RPe8  actor: Jeff Goldblum
movieId: RPe8  actor: Mare Winningham
movieId: RPe12  actor: Jessica Lange
movieId: RPe12  actor: Sam Shepard
movieId: RPe12  actor: Wilford Brimley
movieId: RPe20  actor: Sissy Spacek
movieId: RPe20  actor: Whoopi Goldberg
movieId: RPe22  actor: Steve Martin
movieId: RPe22  actor: Debra Winger
movieId: RPe22  actor: Liam Neeson
movieId: RPe22  actor: Lolita Davidovich
movieId: RPe22  actor: Lukas Haas
movieId: RPo10  actor: Martine Carol
movieId: RPo10  actor: s a
movieId: RPr10  actor: Scott Valentine
movieId: RPr10  actor: Chris Mulkey
movieId: RPr10  actor: Joan Severance
movieId: RPr10  actor: Andreas Katsulas
movieId: RPr10  actor: Howard George
movieId: RPr10  actor: G.W. Bailey
movieId: RPr10  actor: France Nuyen
movieId: RPr10  actor: Ray Stricklyn
movieId: RPr10  actor: Ray Wise
movieId: RR1  actor: Mary Tyler Moore
movieId: RR1  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: RR1  actor: Timothy Hutton
movieId: RR1  actor: Judd Hirsch
movieId: RR1  actor: Elizabeth McGovern
movieId: RR1  actor: M.Emmet Walsh
movieId: RR1  actor: James B. Sikking
movieId: RR2  actor: Ruben Blades
movieId: RR2  actor: Richard Bradford
movieId: RR2  actor: Sonia Braga
movieId: RR2  actor: Julie Carmen
movieId: RR2  actor: Chick Vennera
movieId: RR2  actor: Christopher Walken
movieId: RR2  actor: John Heard
movieId: RR2  actor: Melanie Griffith
movieId: RR2  actor: Carlos Riquelme
movieId: RR2  actor: Daniel Stern
movieId: RR3  actor: Craig Sheffer
movieId: RR3  actor: Brad Pitt
movieId: RR3  actor: Tom Skerritt
movieId: RR3  actor: Emily Lloyd
movieId: RR3  actor: Brenda Blethyn
movieId: RR3  actor: Joseph GodonLevitt
movieId: RR3  actor: Vann Gravage
movieId: RR3  actor: Stephen Shellen
movieId: RR3  actor: Edie McClurg
movieId: RR3  actor: John Turturro
movieId: RR4  actor: Ralph Fiennes
movieId: RR4  actor: Rob Morrow
movieId: RR4  actor: Paul Scofield
movieId: RR4  actor: Mira Sorvino
movieId: RR4  actor: Christopher McDonald
movieId: RR4  actor: Alan Rich
movieId: RR4  actor: Hank Azaria
movieId: RR4  actor: Barry Levinson
movieId: RR4  actor: David Paymer
movieId: RR5  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: RR5  actor: Kristin Scott Thomas
movieId: RR5  actor: s a
movieId: RR5  actor: Sam Neil
movieId: RRa10  actor: Eric Roberts
movieId: RrB10  actor: Roberto Benigni
movieId: RrB10  actor: Nicoletta Brascchi
movieId: RrB10  actor: s a
movieId: RrB10  actor: Paolo Bonacelli
movieId: RrB16  actor: Roberto Benigni
movieId: RrB18  actor: Roberto Benigni
movieId: RrB18  actor: Giorgio Cantarini
movieId: RrB18  actor: Nicoletta Braschi
movieId: RrB18  actor: s a
movieId: RRe10  actor: Tom Cruise
movieId: RRe10  actor: Demi Moore
movieId: RRe10  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: RRe10  actor: Kiefer Sutherland
movieId: RRe10  actor: Kevin Bacon
movieId: RRo1  actor: Anna Magnani
movieId: RRo1  actor: Aldo Fabrizi
movieId: RRo1  actor: Maria Michi
movieId: RRo1  actor: s a
movieId: RRo1  actor: s a
movieId: RRo5  actor: Robert vanLoon
movieId: RRo5  actor: Carmelo Sazio
movieId: RRo5  actor: William Tubbs
movieId: RRo5  actor: Gar Moore
movieId: RRo5  actor: Maria Michi
movieId: RRo8  actor: Anna Magnani
movieId: RRo8  actor: Frederico Fellini
movieId: RRo9  actor: s a
movieId: RRo12  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: RRo12  actor: Mario Vitale
movieId: RRo12  actor: Renzo Cesana
movieId: RRo16  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: RRo16  actor: George Sanders
movieId: RRo16  actor: Paul Muller
movieId: RRo16  actor: Anna Proclemer
movieId: RRo16  actor: Maria Mauban
movieId: RRo16  actor: Leslie Daniels
movieId: RRo16  actor: Natalia Rai
movieId: RRo16  actor: Jackie Frost
movieId: RRo18  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: RRo18  actor: Mathias wieman
movieId: RRo18  actor: Renate Mannhardt
movieId: RRo18  actor: Kurt Kreuger
movieId: RRo18  actor: Elise Audinger
movieId: RRo20  actor: Vittoroa deSica
movieId: RRo20  actor: Hannes Messemer
movieId: RRo20  actor: Sandra Milo
movieId: RRo20  actor: Giovanna Montanelli
movieId: RRo20  actor: Anne Verdon
movieId: RrS5  actor: Betty Grable
movieId: RrS5  actor: MacDonald Carey
movieId: RrS5  actor: Rory Calhoun
movieId: RrS5  actor: Eddie Albert
movieId: RrS5  actor: Irene Ryan
movieId: RrS10  actor: Jane Russell
movieId: RrS10  actor: Jeanne Crain
movieId: RrS10  actor: Alan Young
movieId: RrS10  actor: Scott Brady
movieId: RrS10  actor: Rudy Vallee
movieId: RrS10  actor: s a
movieId: RRu7  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: RRu7  actor: Adam Roarke
movieId: RRu7  actor: Sabrina Scharf
movieId: RRu7  actor: Sonny Barger
movieId: RRu7  actor: Pearl Kaplan
movieId: RRu7  actor: Jack Starrett
movieId: RRu7  actor: Bruno V. Seta
movieId: RRu10  actor: Elliott Gould
movieId: RRu10  actor: Candice Bergen
movieId: RRu15  actor: James Caan
movieId: RRu15  actor: Alan Arkin
movieId: RRu15  actor: Valerie Harper
movieId: RRu15  actor: Loretta Swit
movieId: RRu15  actor: Jack Kruschen
movieId: RRu15  actor: Mike Kellin
movieId: RRu15  actor: Alex Rocco
movieId: RRu20  actor: Steve Railsback
movieId: RRu20  actor: Peter OToole
movieId: RRu20  actor: Barbara Hershey
movieId: RRu20  actor: Allen Goorwitz
movieId: RRu20  actor: Alex Rocco
movieId: RRu20  actor: Sharon Farrell
movieId: RRu20  actor: Adam Roarke
movieId: RRw15  actor: Margaret OBrien
movieId: RRw15  actor: James Craig
movieId: RRw15  actor: Marsha Hunt
movieId: RRw15  actor: Philip Merryvale
movieId: RRw15  actor: Henry ONeill
movieId: RRw15  actor: Donald Meek
movieId: RRw20  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: RRw20  actor: Margaret OBrien
movieId: RRw20  actor: James Craig
movieId: RRw20  actor: Agnes Moorehead
movieId: RRw20  actor: Jackie `Butch' Jenkins
movieId: RRw20  actor: Morris Carnovsky
movieId: RRw20  actor: Frances Gifford
movieId: RRw20  actor: Sara Haden
movieId: RRw32  actor: Tommy Rettig
movieId: RRw32  actor: Hans Conried
movieId: RRw32  actor: Peter Lind Hayes
movieId: RRw32  actor: Mary Healy
movieId: RRw33  actor: Jean Simmons
movieId: RRw33  actor: Victor Mature
movieId: RRw33  actor: Mary Jo Tarola
movieId: RRw33  actor: Monica Lewis
movieId: RRw33  actor: Jane darwell
movieId: RRw33  actor: Nicholas Joy
movieId: RRw33  actor: Wally Vernon
movieId: RRw33  actor: Dabbs Greer
movieId: RRw35  actor: Tony Martin
movieId: RRw35  actor: Jane Powell
movieId: RRw35  actor: Ann Miller
movieId: RRw35  actor: Debbie Reynolds
movieId: RRw35  actor: Walter Pidgeon
movieId: RRw35  actor: Vic Damone
movieId: RRw35  actor: Gene Raymond
movieId: RRw37  actor: Jimmy Cagney
movieId: RRw37  actor: Barbara Stanwyk
movieId: RRw37  actor: Walter Pidgeon
movieId: RRw37  actor: Betty Lou Keim
movieId: RRw37  actor: Don Dubbins
movieId: RRw37  actor: Edward Andrews
movieId: RRz1  actor: Carlos Gallardo
movieId: RRz1  actor: Reinol Martinez
movieId: RRz1  actor: Consuelo Gomez
movieId: RRz1  actor: Peter Maquardt
movieId: RRz3  actor: Antonio Banderas
movieId: RRz3  actor: Steve Buscemi
movieId: RRz3  actor: Cheech Martin
movieId: RRz3  actor: Carlos Gomez
movieId: RRz3  actor: Quentin Tarantino
movieId: RRz3  actor: Joaquim deAlmeida
movieId: RRz3  actor: Salma Havek
movieId: RRz4  actor: Quentin Tarentino
movieId: RRz4  actor: George Clooney
movieId: RRz4  actor: Juliette Lewis
movieId: RRz4  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: RRz5  actor: John Hawkes
movieId: RRz5  actor: Salma Hayek
movieId: RRz5  actor: David Arquette
movieId: RRz6  actor: Piper Laurie
movieId: RRz6  actor: Robert Patrick
movieId: RRz6  actor: Eliajah Wood
movieId: RRz6  actor: Bebe Neuwirth
movieId: RRz6  actor: Famke Janssen
movieId: RRz6  actor: Salma Hayek
movieId: RRz6  actor: Jon Stewart
movieId: RRz6  actor: Shawn Hatosy
movieId: RRz6  actor: Jordan Brewster
movieId: RRz6  actor: Clea DuVall
movieId: RRz6  actor: Laura Harris
movieId: RS1  actor: Keith Carradine
movieId: RS1  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: RS1  actor: Albert Finney
movieId: RS1  actor: Edward Fox
movieId: RS1  actor: Cristina Raines
movieId: RS1  actor: Diana Quick
movieId: RS2  actor: Sigourney Weaver
movieId: RS2  actor: Tom Skerritt
movieId: RS2  actor: Tom Hurt
movieId: RS2  actor: Veronica Cartwright
movieId: RS2  actor: Ian Holmes
movieId: RS3  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: RS3  actor: Rutger Hauer
movieId: RS3  actor: Brion James
movieId: RS3  actor: Joanna Cassidy
movieId: RS3  actor: Sean Young
movieId: RS3  actor: Edward James Olmos
movieId: RS3  actor: M.~Emmet Walsh
movieId: RS3  actor: Daryl Hannah
movieId: RS3  actor: s a
movieId: RS3  actor: William Anderson
movieId: RS8  actor: Tim Curry
movieId: RS8  actor: Mia-Sara
movieId: RS8  actor: Tom Cruise
movieId: RS8  actor: David Bennent
movieId: RS8  actor: s a
movieId: RS9  actor: Sigourney Weaver
movieId: RS9  actor: Lance Henriksen
movieId: RS9  actor: Carrie Heinn
movieId: RS9  actor: Michael Behn
movieId: RS9  actor: Colette Miller
movieId: RS9  actor: William Hope
movieId: RS9  actor: Tip Tipping
movieId: RS9  actor: Capl Topa
movieId: RS9  actor: Blain Fainman
movieId: RS9  actor: Paul Reiser
movieId: RS11  actor: Mimi Rogers
movieId: RS11  actor: Tom Berenger
movieId: RS11  actor: Lorraine bracco
movieId: RS11  actor: Daniel Hugh Kelly
movieId: RS11  actor: Jerry Orbach
movieId: RS11  actor: Andreas Katsulas
movieId: RS11  actor: John Rubinstein
movieId: RS14  actor: Michael Douglas
movieId: RS14  actor: Andy Garcia
movieId: RS14  actor: Kate Capshaw
movieId: RS14  actor: Yusaku Matsuda
movieId: RS14  actor: Ken Takamura
movieId: RS15  actor: Geena Davis
movieId: RS15  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: RS15  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: RS15  actor: Michael Matson
movieId: RS15  actor: Christopher MacDonald
movieId: RS15  actor: Steven Tobolowsky
movieId: RS15  actor: s a
movieId: RS15  actor: Brad Pitt
movieId: RS15  actor: Tomothy Carhart
movieId: RS20  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: RS20  actor: Sigourney Weaver
movieId: RS20  actor: Armand Assante
movieId: RS20  actor: Angela Molina
movieId: RS20  actor: Fernando Rey
movieId: RS20  actor: Michael Wincott
movieId: RS20  actor: Tcheky Karyo
movieId: RS20  actor: Steve Waddington
movieId: RS26  actor: Jeff Bridges
movieId: RS26  actor: Scott Wolf
movieId: RS26  actor: Caroline Goodall
movieId: RS26  actor: John Savage
movieId: RS26  actor: Jeremy Sisto
movieId: RS26  actor: Ryan Philippe
movieId: RS26  actor: Julio Oscar Mechoso
movieId: RS26  actor: Jason Marsden
movieId: RS26  actor: Balthazar Getty
movieId: RS26  actor: David Lascher
movieId: RS26  actor: Eric Michael Cole
movieId: RS26  actor: Zeljko Ivanek
movieId: RS26  actor: Ethan Embry
movieId: RS26  actor: Jordan Clarke
movieId: RS26  actor: Lizbeth MacKay
movieId: RS26  actor: Jill Larson
movieId: RS26  actor: James Medina
movieId: RS26  actor: James Rebhorn
movieId: RS26  actor: Jill Larson
movieId: RS26  actor: Camilla Overbye Roos
movieId: RS26  actor: Jordan Scott
movieId: RS26  actor: Nicole Ann Samuel
movieId: RS28  actor: Demi Moore
movieId: RS28  actor: Viggo Mortensen
movieId: RS28  actor: Anne Bancroft
movieId: RS30  actor: Russel Crowe
movieId: RS30  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: RS30  actor: Joaquin Phoenix
movieId: RS30  actor: s a
movieId: RS30  actor: Connie Nielsen
movieId: RS32  actor: Josh Hartnett
movieId: RS32  actor: Arthur Marx
movieId: RSa5  actor: Barry Newman
movieId: RSa5  actor: Dean Jagger
movieId: RSa5  actor: Victoria Medlin
movieId: RSa5  actor: Cleavon Little
movieId: RSa5  actor: John Amos
movieId: RSa5  actor: Paul Koslo
movieId: RSa5  actor: Bob Donner
movieId: RSa5  actor: Gilda Texler
movieId: RSa5  actor: Charlotte Rampling
movieId: RSal0  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: RSal0  actor: Sarah Miles
movieId: RSal0  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: RSal0  actor: Lee J. Cobb
movieId: RSal0  actor: Jay Silverheels
movieId: RSal0  actor: George Hamilton
movieId: RSa20  actor: Farrah Fawcett
movieId: RSa20  actor: Charles Grodin
movieId: RSa20  actor: Art Carney
movieId: RSa20  actor: Joan Collins
movieId: RSa20  actor: William Daniels
movieId: RSa20  actor: John Hillerman
movieId: RSa20  actor: Eleanor Parker
movieId: RSa20  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: RSB5  actor: Ewen Solon
movieId: RSB5  actor: Lee Patterson
movieId: RSB5  actor: Eddie Byrnr
movieId: RSB5  actor: Betty McDowell
movieId: RSB5  actor: John LeMesurier
movieId: RSc10  actor: Monica Keena
movieId: RSc10  actor: Vincent Kartheiser
movieId: RSc10  actor: James DeBello
movieId: RSc10  actor: Ellen Baekin
movieId: RSc10  actor: Ellen Baekin
movieId: RSc10  actor: Jeffrey Wright
movieId: RSd10  actor: Roseanne Arquette
movieId: RSd10  actor: David Bowie
movieId: RsG10  actor: Kate Hudson
movieId: RsG10  actor: Ben Affleck
movieId: RsG10  actor: Courtney Love
movieId: RsG10  actor: Casey Affleck
movieId: RsG10  actor: Christina Ricci
movieId: RsG10  actor: Gaby Hoffman
movieId: RsG10  actor: Janeane Garafola
movieId: RsG10  actor: Martha Plimpton
movieId: RsG10  actor: Paul Rudd
movieId: RSh5  actor: Kevin Costner
movieId: RSh5  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: RSh5  actor: Tim Robbins
movieId: RSh5  actor: Trey Wilson
movieId: RSh5  actor: Robert Wuhl
movieId: RSh5  actor: William OLeary
movieId: RSh10  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: RSh10  actor: Lolita Davidovich
movieId: RSh10  actor: Robert Wuhl
movieId: RSh10  actor: Jerry Hardin
movieId: RSh10  actor: Gaillard Sartain
movieId: RSh10  actor: Jeffrey deMunn
movieId: RSh10  actor: Garland Bunting
movieId: RSh10  actor: James Harper
movieId: RSh10  actor: Stanley Tucci
movieId: RSh10  actor: Blaze Starr
movieId: RSh15  actor: Wesley Snipes
movieId: RSh15  actor: Woody Harrelson
movieId: RSh15  actor: Rosie Perez
movieId: RSh15  actor: Tyra Ferrell
movieId: RSh15  actor: Kadeem Hardison
movieId: RSh15  actor: Marques Johnson
movieId: RSh15  actor: Cylk Cozart
movieId: RSh15  actor: Ernest Hardee
movieId: RSh15  actor: Eloy Casados
movieId: RSh15  actor: John Marshall Jones
movieId: RSh15  actor: Nigel Miguel
movieId: RSh15  actor: Bill Henderson
movieId: RSh15  actor: Sonny Craver
movieId: RSh15  actor: Jon Hendricks
movieId: RSh18  actor: Tommy Lee Jones
movieId: RSh18  actor: Robert Wuhl
movieId: RSh20  actor: Kevin Costner
movieId: RSh20  actor: Rene Russo
movieId: RSh20  actor: Don Johnson
movieId: RSh20  actor: Cheech Marin
movieId: RSh20  actor: Linda Hart
movieId: RSi17  actor: Lon Chaney~jr.
movieId: RSi17  actor: J.Edward Bromberg
movieId: RSi17  actor: Louise Albritton
movieId: RSi17  actor: Robert Paige
movieId: RSi17  actor: Evelyn Ankers
movieId: RSi18  actor: Maria Montez
movieId: RSi18  actor: Maria Montez
movieId: RSi18  actor: John Hall
movieId: RSi18  actor: Sabu
movieId: RSi18  actor: Edgar Barrier
movieId: RSi18  actor: Lon Chaney,~jr.
movieId: RSi18  actor: Lou Collier
movieId: RSi18  actor: Mary Nash
movieId: RSi18  actor: Samuel S. Hinds
movieId: RSi18  actor: Moroni Olsen
movieId: RSi20  actor: Franchot Tone
movieId: RSi20  actor: Alan Baxter
movieId: RSi20  actor: Ella Raines
movieId: RSi20  actor: Elisha Cook~jr
movieId: RSi20  actor: Fay Helm
movieId: RSi20  actor: Andrew Tombes
movieId: RSi25  actor: Dorothy McGuire
movieId: RSi25  actor: George Brent
movieId: RSi25  actor: Ethel Barrymore
movieId: RSi25  actor: Kent Smith
movieId: RSi25  actor: Gordon Oliver
movieId: RSi25  actor: Rhys Williams
movieId: RSi25  actor: Elsa Lanchester
movieId: RSi25  actor: Sara Allgood
movieId: RSi25  actor: Rhonda Fleming
movieId: RSi25  actor: Kent Smith
movieId: RSi29  actor: George Raft
movieId: RSi30  actor: Ava Gardner
movieId: RSi30  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: RSi30  actor: Edmond OBrien
movieId: RSi30  actor: Albert Dekker
movieId: RSi30  actor: Charles McGraw
movieId: RSi30  actor: William Conrad
movieId: RSi30  actor: Sam Levene
movieId: RSi30  actor: Donald McBride
movieId: RSi30  actor: Vince Barnett
movieId: RSi30  actor: Jeff Corey
movieId: RSi40  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: RSi40  actor: Ivonne deCarlo
movieId: RSi40  actor: s a
movieId: RSi41  actor: Dorothy McGuire
movieId: RSi45  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: RSi45  actor: Nick Cravat
movieId: RSi45  actor: James Hayter
movieId: RSi45  actor: Eva Bartok
movieId: RSi45  actor: Torin Thatcher
movieId: RSi45  actor: Margot Grahame
movieId: RSl10  actor: Chris Mitchum
movieId: RSl10  actor: Joi Lansing
movieId: RSl10  actor: John Carradine
movieId: RSl10  actor: John Mitchum
movieId: RSl10  actor: Joy Wilkerson
movieId: RSl10  actor: Lindsay Crosby
movieId: RSl10  actor: Ken Maynard
movieId: RSp8  actor: Jamie Lee Curtis
movieId: RSp8  actor: Ben Johnson
movieId: RSp8  actor: Hart Bochner
movieId: RSp10  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: RSp10  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: RSp10  actor: JoAnna Cassidy
movieId: RSp10  actor: JeanLouis Trintignant
movieId: RSp13  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: RSp13  actor: Kurt Russell
movieId: RSp16  actor: Mel Gibson
movieId: RSp16  actor: Robert Downey~jr.
movieId: RSp20  actor: Richard Gere
movieId: RSp20  actor: Matthew Modine
movieId: RSp20  actor: Lily Tomlin
movieId: RSp20  actor: Alan Alda
movieId: RSp20  actor: Anjelica Huston
movieId: RSp20  actor: Steve Martin
movieId: RSp20  actor: s a
movieId: RSp20  actor: s a
movieId: RSp20  actor: s a
movieId: RSp20  actor: s a
movieId: RSp20  actor: s a
movieId: RSp20  actor: Bill Kraus
movieId: RSp20  actor: Phil Collins
movieId: RSp20  actor: Ian McKellen
movieId: RSp20  actor: s a
movieId: RSp20  actor: Eizabeth Taylor
movieId: RSp20  actor: Arthur Ashe
movieId: RSp20  actor: Magic Johnson
movieId: RSp24  actor: Pierce Brosnan
movieId: RSp24  actor: Teri Hatcher
movieId: RSp24  actor: Michelle Yeoh
movieId: RSp24  actor: Jonathan Pryce
movieId: RSp24  actor: John Baker
movieId: RSp24  actor: Goetz Otto
movieId: RSp24  actor: s a
movieId: RSp24  actor: s a
movieId: RSp24  actor: Desmond Llewelyn
movieId: RSp24  actor: Lois Maxwell
movieId: RSp24  actor: Geoffrey Pasltrow
movieId: RSp24  actor: Judi Dench
movieId: RSr10  actor: Jessica Lange
movieId: RSr10  actor: Susan SaintJames
movieId: RSr10  actor: Jane Curtin
movieId: RSr10  actor: Garrett Morris
movieId: RSr10  actor: Dabney Coleman
movieId: RSt100  actor: John Forsythe
movieId: RSt101  actor: Everett Sloan
movieId: RSt101  actor: Janet Ward
movieId: RSt101  actor: Beulah Bondi
movieId: RSt102  actor: Joe Mantell
movieId: RSt102  actor: Kathleen McGuire
movieId: RSt102  actor: Judith Evelyn
movieId: RSt103  actor: Patricia Collinge
movieId: RSt103  actor: Darren McGavin
movieId: RSt104  actor: John Cassavetes
movieId: RSt104  actor: Marisa Pavan
movieId: RSt105  actor: Carmen Mathews
movieId: RSt105  actor: Joan Lorring
movieId: RSt105  actor: Polly Rowles
movieId: RSt105  actor: Pat Hitchcock
movieId: RSt105  actor: Wendy Winkleman
movieId: RSt105  actor: Kay Stewart
movieId: RSt106  actor: Robert H. Harris
movieId: RSt106  actor: John Qualen
movieId: RSt106  actor: Jo vanFleet
movieId: RSt107  actor: Mark Damon
movieId: RSt107  actor: Everett Sloan
movieId: RSt107  actor: Sean McClorey
movieId: RSt107  actor: Claude Akins
movieId: RSt107  actor: Joseph Downing
movieId: RSt107  actor: Everett Glass
movieId: RSt107  actor: Harry Tyler
movieId: RSt107  actor: Steve Mitchell
movieId: RSt107  actor: Harve Presnell
movieId: RSt108  actor: Hurd Hatfield
movieId: RSt108  actor: Phillip Coolidge
movieId: RSt108  actor: Mildred Natwick
movieId: RSt108  actor: Gladys Hurlbur
movieId: RSt109  actor: Philip Abbott
movieId: RSt109  actor: John Baragrey
movieId: RSt109  actor: Raymond Bailey
movieId: RSt109  actor: Nancy Gates
movieId: RSt109  actor: Oland Soule
movieId: RSt109  actor: Harry Tyler
movieId: RSt110  actor: Phyllis Thaxter
movieId: RSt110  actor: Warren Stevens
movieId: RSt111  actor: Ralph Clanton
movieId: RSt111  actor: John Irving
movieId: RSt111  actor: Biff McGuire
movieId: RSt112  actor: Thelma Ritter
movieId: RSt112  actor: Mary Wickes
movieId: RSt112  actor: Michael Ansara
movieId: RSt112  actor: Reba Tassel
movieId: RSt112  actor: Carol Mathews
movieId: RSt112  actor: Theodore Newton
movieId: RSt112  actor: Ray Teal
movieId: RSt113  actor: Judith Ames
movieId: RSt113  actor: Biff McGuire
movieId: RSt113  actor: Robert R. Harris
movieId: RSt114  actor: Skip Homeier
movieId: RSt114  actor: Joanne Woodward
movieId: RSt114  actor: Ken Christy
movieId: RSt114  actor: Clary Hunter
movieId: RSt114  actor: Mike Ragan
movieId: RSt114  actor: Billy Newell
movieId: RSt114  actor: Frank Krieg
movieId: RSt114  actor: Harry Tyler
movieId: RSt114  actor: Jack Tesler
movieId: RSt115  actor: Robert Emhardt
movieId: RSt115  actor: Cara Williams
movieId: RSt116  actor: Hurd Hatfield
movieId: RSt116  actor: Mildred Dunnuck
movieId: RSt116  actor: Rusty Lane
movieId: RSt116  actor: Lillian Bronson
movieId: RSt116  actor: K.T. Stevens
movieId: RSt116  actor: Dorothy Crehan
movieId: RSt117  actor: Robert H. Harris
movieId: RSt117  actor: Jessica Tandy
movieId: RSt118  actor: Russell Collins
movieId: RSt118  actor: Leora Dana
movieId: RSt118  actor: Hugh Marlowe
movieId: RSt118  actor: Edmund Ryan
movieId: RSt201  actor: Rory Calhoun
movieId: RSt319  actor: William Redfield
movieId: RSt319  actor: Gary Merrill
movieId: RSt319  actor: Rusty Lane
movieId: RSt319  actor: Betty Hanford
movieId: RSt320  actor: Rip Torn
movieId: RSt320  actor: Russell Collins
movieId: RSt320  actor: Ray Real
movieId: RSt320  actor: John Nolan
movieId: RSt320  actor: Paul Pincerni
movieId: RSt320  actor: Mike Ross
movieId: RSt320  actor: Hugh Sanders
movieId: RSt321  actor: Steve Forrest
movieId: RSt321  actor: Gladyss Cooper
movieId: RSt321  actor: Kathleen McGuire
movieId: RSt321  actor: s a
movieId: RSt321  actor: s a
movieId: RSt322  actor: Louise Platt
movieId: RSt322  actor: John Baragrey
movieId: RSt322  actor: Georgann Johnson
movieId: RSt323  actor: Anthony Dawson
movieId: RSt323  actor: John Williams
movieId: RSt323  actor: s a
movieId: RSt323  actor: s a
movieId: RSt323  actor: s a
movieId: RSt323  actor: s a
movieId: RSt324  actor: Rhys Williams
movieId: RSt324  actor: Theodore Bikel
movieId: RSt324  actor: Torin Thatcher
movieId: RSt324  actor: s a
movieId: RSt324  actor: s a
movieId: RSt324  actor: s a
movieId: RSt325  actor: Albert Salmi
movieId: RSt325  actor: Robert H. Harris
movieId: RSt325  actor: Ken Clark
movieId: RSt325  actor: Harry Tyler
movieId: RSt325  actor: David Armstrong
movieId: RSt326  actor: Jessica Tandy
movieId: RSt326  actor: William Shatner
movieId: RSt326  actor: Tom Conway
movieId: RSt326  actor: Billy Barty
movieId: RSt327  actor: Darryl Hickman
movieId: RSt327  actor: Mildred Dunnock
movieId: RSt327  actor: Nehemiah Persoff
movieId: RSt327  actor: Edward Binns
movieId: RSt327  actor: Len Lesser
movieId: RSt327  actor: Cheryl Callaway
movieId: RSt328  actor: Sebastian Cabot
movieId: RSt328  actor: Ronald Howard
movieId: RSt329  actor: Skip Homeier
movieId: RSt330  actor: Mildred Natwick
movieId: RSt331  actor: David Wayne
movieId: RSt332  actor: Michael Rennie
movieId: RSt332  actor: Bartlett Robinson
movieId: RSt332  actor: Barbara BelGeddes
movieId: RSt332  actor: William Yip
movieId: RSt333  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: RSt334  actor: Jessica Tandy
movieId: RSt334  actor: Murray Matheson
movieId: RSt335  actor: Biff McGuire
movieId: RSt335  actor: Cloris Leachman
movieId: RSt335  actor: Peter Lazer
movieId: RSt335  actor: Chill Wills
movieId: RSt335  actor: Scatman Crothers
movieId: RSt336  actor: Norman Lloyd
movieId: RSt336  actor: Norman Lloyd
movieId: RSt336  actor: Marian Seldes
movieId: RSt336  actor: Elliott Reid
movieId: RSt336  actor: Barbara Baxley
movieId: RSt336  actor: Barbara Baxley
movieId: RSt337  actor: Gary Merrill
movieId: RSt337  actor: Elizabeth Montgomery
movieId: RSt337  actor: Mark Richman
movieId: RSt337  actor: Alex Gerry
movieId: RSt337  actor: Ken Lynch
movieId: RSt337  actor: Bartlett Robinson
movieId: RSt337  actor: Victor Tayback
movieId: RSt338  actor: Margaret Leighton
movieId: RSt338  actor: Marsha Hunt
movieId: RSt339  actor: Ralph Meeker
movieId: RSt339  actor: Russel Collins
movieId: RSt339  actor: Elisabeth Frazer
movieId: RSt339  actor: Ida Moore
movieId: RSt339  actor: Arthur Batanides
movieId: RSt339  actor: Rad Fulton
movieId: RSt339  actor: Richard Evans
movieId: RSt339  actor: Richard Rust
movieId: RSt339  actor: Richard Gering
movieId: RSt340  actor: Everett Sloan
movieId: RSt340  actor: Barry Nelson
movieId: RSt341  actor: Franchot Tone
movieId: RSt341  actor: Carmen Mathews
movieId: RSt341  actor: Mary Astor
movieId: RSt342  actor: Clint Kimborough
movieId: RSt342  actor: Amy Douglass
movieId: RSt342  actor: Norma Crane
movieId: RSt342  actor: Clu Galager
movieId: RSt342  actor: Sean McClory
movieId: RSt342  actor: Michael J. Pollard
movieId: RSt342  actor: Joseph Sullivan
movieId: RSt342  actor: Richard Gering
movieId: RSt342  actor: Taldo Kenyon
movieId: RSt343  actor: Robert Morley
movieId: RSt344  actor: Richard Hale
movieId: RSt344  actor: William Redfield
movieId: RSt344  actor: Sam Jaffe
movieId: RSt344  actor: Robert H. Harris
movieId: RSt405  actor: Susan Hayward
movieId: RSt410  actor: Peter Finch
movieId: RSt410  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: RSt440  actor: Patricia Barry
movieId: RSt440  actor: Stubby Kaye
movieId: RSt440  actor: Robert Culp
movieId: RSt440  actor: Alice Pearce
movieId: RSt440  actor: s a
movieId: RSt441  actor: John Megna
movieId: RSt441  actor: Leslie Nielsem
movieId: RSt441  actor: David Opatoshu
movieId: RSt442  actor: Don Chastain
movieId: RSt442  actor: Patricia Collinge
movieId: RSt442  actor: Jessica Walter
movieId: RSt445  actor: Barbara Barrie
movieId: RSt446  actor: Leif Erickson
movieId: RSt446  actor: Jane Wyatt
movieId: RSt446  actor: Lee Majors
movieId: RSt446  actor: Zolya Talma
movieId: RT1  actor: Mariel Hemingway
movieId: RT1  actor: Scott Glenn
movieId: RT1  actor: Patrice Donnelly
movieId: RT1  actor: Kenny Moore
movieId: RT10  actor: Mariel Hemingway
movieId: RT10  actor: Patrice Donnelly
movieId: RT10  actor: Scott Glenn
movieId: RT10  actor: Kenny Moore
movieId: RT20  actor: Mel Gibson
movieId: RT20  actor: Kurt Russell
movieId: RT20  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: RT20  actor: Raul Julia
movieId: RT20  actor: J.T. Walsh
movieId: RT20  actor: Arliss Howard
movieId: RT20  actor: Ann Magnuson
movieId: RT30  actor: s a
movieId: RT30  actor: Tom Cruise
movieId: RT30  actor: Cuba Gooding
movieId: RTa10  actor: Karen Allen
movieId: RTa10  actor: Chris Mulkey
movieId: RTa10  actor: Ted Marcoux
movieId: RTa14  actor: Lori Petty
movieId: RTa15  actor: Michael Douglas
movieId: RTa15  actor: Val Kilmer
movieId: RtB1  actor: Beby
movieId: RtB1  actor: Andre Servilanges
movieId: RtB1  actor: Dalio
movieId: RtB1  actor: Gilles Magaritis
movieId: RtB2  actor: Simone Cressier
movieId: RtB2  actor: s a
movieId: RtB2  actor: s a
movieId: RtB3  actor: Maria Casares
movieId: RtB3  actor: Paul Bernard
movieId: RtB3  actor: Elina Labourdette
movieId: RtB3  actor: Jean Marchat
movieId: RtB4  actor: Claude Laydu
movieId: RtB4  actor: Nicole Ladmiral
movieId: RtB4  actor: Nicole Maurey
movieId: RtB4  actor: Jean Riviere
movieId: RtB4  actor: Armand Guibert
movieId: RtB5  actor: Francois Leterier
movieId: RtB5  actor: Roland Monod
movieId: RtB5  actor: Charles LeClainche
movieId: RtB5  actor: Martin Lassale
movieId: RtB6  actor: Marika Green
movieId: RtB6  actor: Pierre Lymarie
movieId: RtB6  actor: Pierre Etaix
movieId: RtB7  actor: Florence Carrez
movieId: RtB8  actor: Anne Wiazemsky
movieId: RtB8  actor: Francois Lafargue
movieId: RtB8  actor: Pierre Klossowski
movieId: RtB8  actor: s a
movieId: RtB9  actor: Nadine Nortier
movieId: RtB9  actor: JeanClaude Guilbert
movieId: RtB9  actor: Paul Hebert
movieId: RtB9  actor: Maria Cardinal
movieId: RtB10  actor: z x
movieId: RtB10  actor: s a
movieId: RtB11  actor: x x
movieId: RtB11  actor: s a
movieId: RtB11  actor: s a
movieId: RtB12  actor: Vladimir AntolekOresek
movieId: RtB12  actor: Luc Simon
movieId: RtB12  actor: Laura Duke Condominas
movieId: RtB12  actor: Humbert Balsan
movieId: RtB13  actor: Antoine Monnier
movieId: RtB13  actor: Tina Irissari
movieId: RtB13  actor: Henry deMoaublanc
movieId: RtB13  actor: Laetitia Caracano
movieId: RtB14  actor: Christian Patey
movieId: RtB14  actor: Alain Bourguignon
movieId: RtB14  actor: Caroline Lang
movieId: RtB14  actor: Vincent Risterucci
movieId: RtD10  actor: Michael Rennie
movieId: RtD10  actor: Phyllis Thaxter
movieId: RtD10  actor: Natalie Trundy
movieId: RtD11  actor: Robert Loggia
movieId: RtD11  actor: Pilar Seurat
movieId: RtD12  actor: James MacArthur
movieId: RtD12  actor: Lynnn Loring
movieId: RtD12  actor: Gloria Swanson
movieId: RtD13  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: RTh3  actor: Johnny Weissmuller
movieId: RTh3  actor: Maureen OSullivan
movieId: RTh3  actor: John Buckler
movieId: RTh3  actor: Benita Hume
movieId: RTh3  actor: William henry
movieId: RTh3  actor: Herbert Mundin
movieId: RTh3  actor: E.E. Clive
movieId: RTh4  actor: Janet Gaynor
movieId: RTh4  actor: Robert Montgomery
movieId: RTh4  actor: Franchot Tone
movieId: RTh4  actor: Guy Kibbee
movieId: RTh4  actor: Claire Dodd
movieId: RTh4  actor: Reginald Owen
movieId: RTh4  actor: Charley Grapwin
movieId: RTh4  actor: Emma Dunn
movieId: RTh4  actor: Cora Withersppon
movieId: RTh5  actor: Johnny Weissmuller
movieId: RTh5  actor: Maureen OSullivan
movieId: RTh5  actor: Johnny Sheffield
movieId: RTh5  actor: Ian Hunter
movieId: RTh5  actor: Laraine Day
movieId: RTh5  actor: Henry Wilcoxon
movieId: RTh5  actor: Frieda Inescort
movieId: RTh5  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: RTh6  actor: Mickey Roonie
movieId: RTh6  actor: Walter Connolly
movieId: RTh6  actor: William Frawley
movieId: RTh6  actor: Rex Ingram
movieId: RTh8  actor: Wallace Beery
movieId: RTh8  actor: Marjorie Main
movieId: RTh8  actor: Leo Carrillo
movieId: RTh8  actor: Ann Rutherford
movieId: RTh8  actor: Joseph Calleia
movieId: RTh8  actor: Lee Bowman
movieId: RTh8  actor: Henry Travers
movieId: RTh9  actor: Johnny Weissmuller
movieId: RTh9  actor: Maureen OSullivan
movieId: RTh9  actor: Johnny Sheffield
movieId: RTh9  actor: Philip Dorn
movieId: RTh9  actor: Barry Fitzgerald
movieId: RTh9  actor: Reginald Owen
movieId: RTh9  actor: Tom Conway
movieId: RTh10  actor: Johnny Weissmuller
movieId: RTh10  actor: Maureen OSullivan
movieId: RTh10  actor: Johnny Sheffield
movieId: RTh10  actor: Paul Kelly
movieId: RTh10  actor: Virginia Grey
movieId: RTh10  actor: Charles Bickford
movieId: RTh10  actor: Chill Wills
movieId: RTh10  actor: Cy Kendall
movieId: RTh10  actor: Miles Mander
movieId: RTh10  actor: Russell Hicks
movieId: RTh10  actor: Charles Lane
movieId: RTh10  actor: Howard Hickman
movieId: RTh10  actor: Mantan Moreland
movieId: RTh10  actor: Elmo Lincoln
movieId: RTh11  actor: Hedy Lamarr
movieId: RTh11  actor: Walter Pidgeon
movieId: RTh12  actor: Fred MacMurray
movieId: RTh12  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: RTh12  actor: Conrad Veidt
movieId: RTh12  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: RTh12  actor: Reginal Owen
movieId: RTh12  actor: Felix Bressart
movieId: RTh12  actor: Richard Ainley
movieId: RTh15  actor: William Powell
movieId: RTh15  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: RTh15  actor: Anne Revere
movieId: RTh15  actor: Asta
movieId: RTh15  actor: Helen Vinson
movieId: RTh15  actor: Gloria DeHaven
movieId: RTh15  actor: Harry Davenport
movieId: RTh20  actor: William Powell
movieId: RTh20  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: RTh20  actor: Ralph Morgan
movieId: RTh20  actor: Asta
movieId: RTh23  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: RTh23  actor: Richard Powell
movieId: RTh23  actor: Robert Stack
movieId: RTh23  actor: Wallace Beery
movieId: RTh23  actor: Carmen Miranda
movieId: RTh23  actor: Xavier Cugat
movieId: RTh25  actor: Jeanette MacDonald
movieId: RTh25  actor: Lloyd Nolan
movieId: RTh25  actor: s a
movieId: RTh26  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: RTh26  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: RTh26  actor: s a
movieId: RTh27  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: RTh27  actor: Red Skelton
movieId: RTh27  actor: Arlene Dahl
movieId: RTh27  actor: VeraEllen
movieId: RTh27  actor: Gloria deHaven
movieId: RTh27  actor: Debbie Reynolds
movieId: RTh27  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: RTh27  actor: Gale Robbins
movieId: RTh27  actor: Phil Regan
movieId: RTh27  actor: Carleton Carpenter
movieId: RTh27  actor: Harry Shannon
movieId: RTh27  actor: Paul Harvey
movieId: RTh35  actor: Stewart Granger
movieId: RTh35  actor: Stewart Granger
movieId: RTh35  actor: Deborah Kerr
movieId: RTh35  actor: James Mason
movieId: RTh35  actor: Louis Calhern
movieId: RTh35  actor: Jane Greer
movieId: RTh35  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: RTh35  actor: Robert Douglas
movieId: RTh35  actor: Robert Coates
movieId: RTh35  actor: Peter Bracco
movieId: RTh35  actor: Francis Pierlot
movieId: RTh37  actor: Robert Taylor
movieId: RTh40  actor: Mel Ferrer
movieId: RTh40  actor: Ava Gardner
movieId: RTh40  actor: Robert Taylor
movieId: RTh40  actor: Stanley Baker
movieId: RTh40  actor: Anne Crawford
movieId: RTh40  actor: Felix Aylmer
movieId: RTh42  actor: Edmund Purdom
movieId: RTh42  actor: Mario Lanza
movieId: RTh42  actor: Ann Blyth
movieId: RTh42  actor: John Williams
movieId: RTh42  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: RTh42  actor: S.Z. Sakall
movieId: RTh42  actor: John Ericson
movieId: RTh42  actor: Louis Calhern
movieId: RTh42  actor: Betta St.John
movieId: RTh42  actor: Evelyn Varden
movieId: RTh52  actor: Robert Vaughn
movieId: RTh52  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: RTh52  actor: Karl Boehm
movieId: RTh52  actor: Elke Sommer
movieId: RTh52  actor: Edward Asner
movieId: RTh52  actor: Felicia Farr
movieId: RTh52  actor: Roger C. Carmel
movieId: RTh52  actor: Luciana Paluzzi
movieId: RTh53  actor: Lana Turner
movieId: RTh53  actor: Edmund Purdom
movieId: RTh58  actor: Elvis Presley
movieId: RtL10  actor: Christy Turlington
movieId: RtP10  actor: Helene Remy
movieId: RtP10  actor: Walter Brandi
movieId: RtP10  actor: Marie Luisa Rolando
movieId: RtT10  actor: John Witherspoon
movieId: RTu1  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: RTu1  actor: Genevieve Bujold
movieId: RTu1  actor: Alison Eastwood
movieId: RTu1  actor: Jenny Beck
movieId: RTu3  actor: Anthony Michael Hall
movieId: RTu3  actor: Jenny Wright
movieId: RTu3  actor: Glynn Turman
movieId: RTu3  actor: Jeff KOber
movieId: RtW10  actor: Zoe Caldwell
movieId: RtW10  actor: Judith Anderson
movieId: RtW10  actor: Mitchell Ryan
movieId: RtW10  actor: Paul Sparke
movieId: RtW10  actor: Don Metlow
movieId: RtY10  actor: Adrienne Cori
movieId: RtY10  actor: Thorley Walters
movieId: RtY10  actor: John MoulderBrown
movieId: RtY10  actor: David Prowse
movieId: RtY14  actor: Eric Idle
movieId: RtY14  actor: Rick Moranis
movieId: RtY14  actor: Catherine ZetaJones
movieId: RtY14  actor: John Cleese
movieId: RtY14  actor: Barbara Hershey
movieId: RtY14  actor: Stratford Johns
movieId: RtY14  actor: Brenda Bruce
movieId: RtY14  actor: Sadie Frost
movieId: RtY14  actor: Charu Bala Chokshi
movieId: RtY14  actor: Jeremy Clyde
movieId: RtY15  actor: John Cleese
movieId: RtY15  actor: Jamie Lee Curtis
movieId: RtY15  actor: Kevin Kline
movieId: RtY15  actor: Michael Palin
movieId: RtY15  actor: Kevin Kline
movieId: RtY15  actor: Roman Corbett
movieId: RtY15  actor: Carey Lovell
movieId: RtY15  actor: Robert Lindsay
movieId: RTr10  actor: Guinevere Turner
movieId: RTr10  actor: V.S. Brodie
movieId: RTr10  actor: s a
movieId: RTr10  actor: s a
movieId: RTr10  actor: s a
movieId: RTr10  actor: s a
movieId: RTr10  actor: s a
movieId: RuB10  actor: Maurice Manson
movieId: RuB10  actor: Zsa Zsa Gabor
movieId: RuB10  actor: Lex Barker
movieId: RuB10  actor: William Schallert
movieId: RuB10  actor: Jeffrey Stone
movieId: RuC10  actor: Rusty Condieff
movieId: RuC10  actor: Larry B. Scott
movieId: RuC10  actor: Mark Chrisopher Lawrence
movieId: RuC10  actor: Kasi Lemmons
movieId: RuC13  actor: Rusty Cundieff
movieId: RuC13  actor: Tisha Cambell
movieId: RuC13  actor: s a
movieId: RuJ3  actor: Lon Chaney
movieId: RuJ3  actor: Mary Philbin
movieId: RuJ3  actor: Norman Kerry
movieId: RuJ3  actor: A. Gibson Gowland
movieId: RuJ3  actor: Edwin Carewe
movieId: RuJ3  actor: John Sainpolis
movieId: RuJ3  actor: Chester Concklin
movieId: RuJ8  actor: Helen Twelvetrees
movieId: RuJ8  actor: Raymond Hackett
movieId: RuJ8  actor: Neil Hamilton
movieId: RuJ8  actor: Lilyan Tashman
movieId: RuJ8  actor: Jean Hersholt
movieId: RuJ8  actor: Lawrence Grant
movieId: RuJ8  actor: Montagu Love
movieId: RuJ8  actor: Elizabeth Petterson
movieId: RuM30  actor: Lori Williams
movieId: RuM30  actor: Haji
movieId: RuM30  actor: Tura Satana
movieId: RuM30  actor: Susan Bernard
movieId: RuM30  actor: Stu Lancaster
movieId: RuM30  actor: Dennis Bush
movieId: RuM37  actor: Dolly Read
movieId: RuM37  actor: Cynthia Meyers
movieId: RuM37  actor: Marcia McBroom
movieId: RuM37  actor: John LaZar
movieId: RuM37  actor: Michael Blodgett
movieId: RuM37  actor: Edy Williams
movieId: RuM40  actor: Wayne Maunder
movieId: RuM40  actor: Marianne McAndrew
movieId: RuM40  actor: Yvonne deCarlo
movieId: RuM40  actor: Philip Carey
movieId: RuM40  actor: Jay C. Flippen
movieId: RuM40  actor: Edy Williams
movieId: RuM40  actor: John Carradine
movieId: RUn10  actor: Billy Crystal
movieId: RUn10  actor: Patricia Wettig
movieId: RUn10  actor: Bruno Kirby
movieId: RUn10  actor: Daniel Stern
movieId: RUn10  actor: Jack Palance
movieId: RUn10  actor: Helen Slater
movieId: RuT30  actor: Geno Lechner
movieId: RuT30  actor: Julian Benedikt
movieId: RuT36  actor: Herbert Fritsch
movieId: RuT36  actor: Veleska Hanel
movieId: RuT36  actor: Cora Frost
movieId: RuT36  actor: s a
movieId: RVD10  actor: Joseph Cortese
movieId: RVD10  actor: Lou Crisoula
movieId: RVD10  actor: Joe Pesci
movieId: RVL6  actor: Warner Oland
movieId: RVL6  actor: Tetsu Komai
movieId: RVL8  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: RVL10  actor: Robert Donat
movieId: RVL10  actor: Elissa Landi
movieId: RVL10  actor: Louis Calhern
movieId: RVL10  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: RVL10  actor: Raymond Walburn
movieId: RVL10  actor: O.P. Heggie
movieId: RVL10  actor: William Farnum
movieId: RVL10  actor: Paul Irving
movieId: RVL14  actor: Walter Abel
movieId: RVL14  actor: Paul Lukas
movieId: RVL14  actor: Moroni Olson
movieId: RVL14  actor: Onslow Stevens
movieId: RVL14  actor: Margot Grahame
movieId: RVL14  actor: Heather Angel
movieId: RVL14  actor: Miles Mander
movieId: RVL14  actor: Nigel deBrulier
movieId: RVL16  actor: Ann Harding
movieId: RVL16  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: RVL16  actor: Binnie Hale
movieId: RVL16  actor: Bruce Seton
movieId: RVL16  actor: Donald Calthrop
movieId: RVL17  actor: Edward Arnold
movieId: RVL17  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: RVL17  actor: Frances Farmer
movieId: RVL17  actor: Jack Oakie
movieId: RVL17  actor: Donald Meek
movieId: RVL17  actor: Clarence Kolb
movieId: RVL17  actor: Thelam Leeds
movieId: RVL25  actor: Anne Shirley
movieId: RVL25  actor: Ruby Keeler
movieId: RVL25  actor: Fay Bainter
movieId: RVL25  actor: James Ellison
movieId: RVL25  actor: Walter Brennan
movieId: RVL25  actor: Donnie Duangan
movieId: RVL25  actor: Frank Albertson
movieId: RVL25  actor: Otto Kruger
movieId: RVL25  actor: Jackie Moran
movieId: RVL25  actor: Virginia Weidler
movieId: RVL25  actor: Margaret Hamilton
movieId: RVL28  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: RVL28  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: RVL28  actor: Bela Lugosi
movieId: RVL28  actor: Lionel Atwill
movieId: RVL28  actor: Josephine Hutchinson
movieId: RVL28  actor: Donnie Dunagan
movieId: RVL28  actor: Edgar Norton
movieId: RVL28  actor: Emma Dunn
movieId: RVL28  actor: Lawrence Grant
movieId: RVL28  actor: Joseph Schildkraut
movieId: RVL30  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: RVL30  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: RVL30  actor: Nan Grey
movieId: RVL30  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: RVL32  actor: Louis Hayward
movieId: RVL32  actor: Joan Bennett
movieId: RVL32  actor: George Sanders
movieId: RVL32  actor: Florence Bates
movieId: RVL32  actor: Lionel Royce
movieId: RVO10  actor: Cliff Gorman
movieId: RVO10  actor: Susan Tyrell
movieId: RVO10  actor: Dick Shawn
movieId: RVO10  actor: Donna Wilkes
movieId: RvP6  actor: Charles Ludlam
movieId: RvP6  actor: Harvey Fierstein
movieId: RvP6  actor: Taylor Mead
movieId: RvP6  actor: Al Carmines
movieId: RvP6  actor: Yvonne Rainer
movieId: RvP6  actor: Tom Eyen
movieId: RvP6  actor: Jackie Curtis
movieId: RvP6  actor: Holly Woodlawn
movieId: RvP6  actor: Fernando Arrabal
movieId: RvP6  actor: Divine
movieId: RvP6  actor: Andy Warhol
movieId: RvP9  actor: John Rechy
movieId: RvP9  actor: Fred Halsted
movieId: RvP9  actor: Troy Perry
movieId: RvP9  actor: Russel Veigh
movieId: RvP13  actor: Jayne Conty
movieId: RvP13  actor: Angie Stardust
movieId: RvP13  actor: Joaquin La Habana
movieId: RvP13  actor: Judith Flex
movieId: RvP13  actor: Lila from the Deep South
movieId: RvP13  actor: Gary Miller
movieId: RW1  actor: Werner Krauss
movieId: RW1  actor: Conrad Veidt
movieId: RW1  actor: Lil Dagover
movieId: RW1  actor: Friedrich Feher
movieId: RW1  actor: Hans vonTwadowski
movieId: RW30  actor: Conrad Veidt
movieId: RW30  actor: s a
movieId: RW30  actor: Conrad Veidt
movieId: RWa10  actor: Nancy Carroll
movieId: RWa10  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: RWa10  actor: Paul Lukas
movieId: RWa10  actor: Emmett King
movieId: RWa12  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: RWa12  actor: Beryl Mercer
movieId: RWa12  actor: Daisy Belmore
movieId: RWa12  actor: Nora Cecil
movieId: RWa12  actor: Tempe piggott
movieId: RWa12  actor: Arthur Hoyt
movieId: RWa12  actor: Basil Radford
movieId: RWa50  actor: Douglas Fairbanks~jr
movieId: RWa50  actor: Janet Gaynor
movieId: RWa50  actor: Roland Young
movieId: RWa50  actor: Billie Burke
movieId: RWa50  actor: Minnie Depree
movieId: RWa50  actor: Paulette Goddard
movieId: RWa50  actor: Richard Carlson
movieId: RWa50  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: RWa65  actor: Lucille Ball
movieId: RWa65  actor: Edmond O''Brien
movieId: RWa65  actor: George Murphy
movieId: RWa65  actor: George Cleveland
movieId: RWa65  actor: Henry Travers
movieId: RWa65  actor: Lloyd Corrigan
movieId: RWa72  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: RWa72  actor: Brian Aherne
movieId: RWa72  actor: Jeff Donell
movieId: RWa72  actor: William Wright
movieId: RWa72  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: RWa72  actor: Gale Sondergard
movieId: RWa72  actor: Donald MacBride
movieId: RWa72  actor: Lee Patrick
movieId: RWa72  actor: Blanche Yurka
movieId: RWa72  actor: Kenneth Moore
movieId: RWa90  actor: Douglas Fairbanks~jr
movieId: RWa90  actor: Maureen OHara
movieId: RWa90  actor: Walter Slezak
movieId: RWa90  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: RWa90  actor: George Tobias
movieId: RWa90  actor: Jane Greer
movieId: RWa90  actor: Mike Mazurki
movieId: RWa90  actor: Sheldon Leonard
movieId: RWa90  actor: Alan Napier
movieId: RWa90  actor: John Miljean
movieId: RWa90  actor: Barry Mitchell
movieId: RWB10  actor: John Mills
movieId: RWB10  actor: Joan Greenwood
movieId: RWB10  actor: Edward Chapman
movieId: RWB10  actor: Kay Walsh
movieId: RWB10  actor: Catherine Lacey
movieId: RWB10  actor: Jouce Carey
movieId: RWB10  actor: Adrianne Allen
movieId: RWB10  actor: Felix Aylmer
movieId: RWB25  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: RWB25  actor: Richard Widmark
movieId: RWB25  actor: Anne Bancroft
movieId: RWB25  actor: Donna Corcoran
movieId: RWB32  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: RWB32  actor: Richard Widmark
movieId: RWB32  actor: Anne Bancroft
movieId: RWB33  actor: Robert Ryan
movieId: RWB33  actor: Rhonda Fleming
movieId: RWB33  actor: William Lundigan
movieId: RWB33  actor: Carl Betz
movieId: RWB42  actor: Hardy Kroger
movieId: RWB42  actor: Michael Goodlife
movieId: RWB42  actor: Colin Gordon
movieId: RWB42  actor: Alec McGowen
movieId: RWB45  actor: Kenneth Moore
movieId: RWB45  actor: Honor Blackman
movieId: RWB45  actor: Michael Goodliffe
movieId: RWB45  actor: David McCallum
movieId: RWB45  actor: Goerge Rose
movieId: RWB45  actor: Anthony Bushell
movieId: RWB45  actor: Ralph Michael
movieId: RWB45  actor: John Cairney
movieId: RWB45  actor: Kenneth Griffith
movieId: RWB45  actor: Frank Lawton
movieId: RWB45  actor: Michael Bryant
movieId: RWB58  actor: Andrew Keir
movieId: RWB58  actor: James Donald
movieId: RWB58  actor: Barbara Shelley
movieId: RWB58  actor: Julian Glover
movieId: RWB58  actor: Duncan Lamont
movieId: RWB58  actor: Edwin Richfield
movieId: RWB67  actor: Ralph Bates
movieId: RWB67  actor: Martine Beswick
movieId: RWB73  actor: Daniel Massey
movieId: RWB73  actor: Anna Massey
movieId: RWB73  actor: TerryThomas
movieId: RWB73  actor: Glynis Johns
movieId: RWB73  actor: Edward Judd
movieId: RWB73  actor: Michail Craig
movieId: RWB73  actor: Curt Jurgens
movieId: RWB73  actor: Tom Baker
movieId: RWB77  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: RWB77  actor: Donald Pleasence
movieId: RWB77  actor: John Carradine
movieId: RWB77  actor: Stuart Whitman
movieId: RWB77  actor: Britt Ekland
movieId: RWB82  actor: Tony Curtis
movieId: RWB82  actor: Roger Moore
movieId: RWB82  actor: Anette Andre
movieId: RWc10  actor: Leonardo DiCaprio
movieId: RWc10  actor: Leonardo DiCaprio
movieId: RWc10  actor: Jeremy Irons
movieId: RWc10  actor: John Malkovich
movieId: RWd10  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: RWd10  actor: Lenny Bruce
movieId: RWe10  actor: Ron Wertheim
movieId: RWe10  actor: Nicky Gentile
movieId: RWe10  actor: Carlo Mejo
movieId: RWe10  actor: Arthur Maris
movieId: RWe10  actor: Viju Krim
movieId: RWe10  actor: Yonathan Lucus
movieId: RWe10  actor: Greta Vagu
movieId: RWe10  actor: Alan Coeberge
movieId: RWe10  actor: Ajita Wist
movieId: RWF1  actor: Kurt Raab
movieId: RWF1  actor: Lilith Ungerer
movieId: RWF1  actor: Amadeus Fengler
movieId: RWF1  actor: Hanna Schygulla
movieId: RWF2  actor: Rainer Fassbinder
movieId: RWF2  actor: Hanna Schygulla
movieId: RWF2  actor: Harry Baer
movieId: RWF2  actor: Lilith Ungerer
movieId: RWF3  actor: Harry Baer
movieId: RWF3  actor: Hanna Schygulla
movieId: RWF3  actor: Margarethe vonTrotta
movieId: RWF3  actor: Gunther Kaufmann
movieId: RWF4  actor: Karl Scheydt
movieId: RWF4  actor: Elga Sorbas
movieId: RWF4  actor: Margarethe vonTrotta
movieId: RWF4  actor: Ingrid Caven
movieId: RWF6  actor: Lou Castel
movieId: RWF6  actor: Werner Schroeter
movieId: RWF6  actor: Eddie Constantine
movieId: RWF6  actor: Rainer Fassbinder
movieId: RWF7  actor: Karl Scheydt
movieId: RWF7  actor: Margaretha vonTrotta
movieId: RWF8  actor: Hans Hirschm\"uller
movieId: RWF8  actor: Irm Herrmann
movieId: RWF8  actor: Hanna Scygulla
movieId: RWF8  actor: Kurt Raab
movieId: RWF10  actor: Hanna Schygulla
movieId: RWF10  actor: Irm Herrmann
movieId: RWF10  actor: Margit Carstensen
movieId: RWF10  actor: Eva Mattes
movieId: RWF15  actor: Brigitte Mira
movieId: RWF15  actor: El Hedi Ben Salem
movieId: RWF15  actor: Barbara Valentin
movieId: RWF16  actor: Hanna Schygulla
movieId: RWF16  actor: Wolfgang Schenck
movieId: RWF16  actor: Karlheinz Boehm
movieId: RWF16  actor: Ulli Lommel
movieId: RWF16  actor: KarlHeinz Boehm
movieId: RWF16  actor: Ursula Straetz
movieId: RWF18  actor: Rainer Fassbinder
movieId: RWF18  actor: Peter Chatel
movieId: RWF18  actor: Karlheinz Boehm
movieId: RWF18  actor: Adrian Hoven
movieId: RWF20  actor: Kurt Raab
movieId: RWF21  actor: Brigitte Mira
movieId: RWF22  actor: Margit Carstensen
movieId: RWF22  actor: Andrea Schroeber
movieId: RWF22  actor: Ulli Lommel
movieId: RWF22  actor: Ana Karina
movieId: RWF22  actor: Macha Meril
movieId: RWF26  actor: Dirk Bogarde
movieId: RWF26  actor: Andrea Ferreol
movieId: RWF26  actor: Volker Spengler
movieId: RWF26  actor: Klaus L\"owitsch
movieId: RWF26  actor: Berhard Wicki
movieId: RWF27  actor: Hanna Schygulla
movieId: RWF27  actor: Klaus Lowitsch
movieId: RWF27  actor: Ivan Deney
movieId: RWF27  actor: Gottfried John
movieId: RWF28  actor: Eddie Constantine
movieId: RWF28  actor: Hanna Schygulla
movieId: RWF28  actor: Volker Spengler
movieId: RWF28  actor: Bulle Ogier
movieId: RWF28  actor: Harry Baer
movieId: RWF29  actor: Hanna Schygulla
movieId: RWF32  actor: Hanna Schygulla
movieId: RWF33  actor: Hanna Schygulla
movieId: RWF33  actor: Giancarlo Giannini
movieId: RWF33  actor: Mel Ferrer
movieId: RWF33  actor: Karl Heinz
movieId: RWF35  actor: Rosel Zech
movieId: RWF35  actor: Hilmar Thate
movieId: RWF35  actor: Annemarie D\"uringer
movieId: RWF35  actor: Doris Schade
movieId: RWF35  actor: Cornelia Froeboess
movieId: RWF37  actor: Brad Davis
movieId: RWF37  actor: Franco Nero
movieId: RWF37  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: RWF37  actor: Laurent Malet
movieId: RWg10  actor: Catherine Deneuve
movieId: RWg10  actor: Linh Dan Pham
movieId: RWg10  actor: Vincent Perez
movieId: RWg10  actor: Jean Yanne
movieId: RWg10  actor: Dominique Blanc
movieId: RWg10  actor: Henri Marteau
movieId: RWg10  actor: Carlo Brandt
movieId: RWg10  actor: Eric Nguyen
movieId: RWg10  actor: Jean Baptiste Huan
movieId: RWg10  actor: Thibault deMontalbert
movieId: RWg16  actor: s a
movieId: RWg16  actor: s a
movieId: RWh8  actor: Gloria Grahame
movieId: RWh8  actor: Philip Dorn
movieId: RWh8  actor: Mary Astor
movieId: RWh8  actor: Felix Bressart
movieId: RWh8  actor: Marshall Thompson
movieId: RWh8  actor: Curt Bois
movieId: RWh8  actor: Elisabeth Risdon
movieId: RWh10  actor: Robert Walker
movieId: RWh10  actor: Judy Garland
movieId: RWh10  actor: Lena Horne
movieId: RWh10  actor: Lucille Bremer
movieId: RWh10  actor: Van Heflin
movieId: RWh10  actor: Mary nash
movieId: RWh10  actor: Dinah Shore
movieId: RWh10  actor: Van Johnson
movieId: RWh10  actor: June Allyson
movieId: RWh10  actor: Tony Martin
movieId: RWh10  actor: Kathryn Grayson
movieId: RWh10  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: RWh10  actor: Virginia Obrien
movieId: RWh15  actor: Sylvia Sidney
movieId: RWh15  actor: John Hodiak
movieId: RWh15  actor: Ann Richards
movieId: RWh15  actor: John Howard
movieId: RWh15  actor: Isobel Elsom
movieId: RWh20  actor: Ronald Colman
movieId: RWh20  actor: Celeste Holm
movieId: RWh20  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: RWh50  actor: Howard Morris
movieId: RWh50  actor: Jack Carter
movieId: RWi1  actor: Simone Simon
movieId: RWi1  actor: Kurt Kreuger
movieId: RWi1  actor: John Emery
movieId: RWi1  actor: Alan Napier
movieId: RWi1  actor: Jason Robards~sr
movieId: RWi1  actor: Norma Varden
movieId: RWi1  actor: Helen Freeman
movieId: RWi1  actor: Fay Helm
movieId: RWi2  actor: Kent Smith
movieId: RWi2  actor: Simone Simon
movieId: RWi2  actor: Jane Randolph
movieId: RWi2  actor: Julia Dean
movieId: RWi2  actor: Ann Carter
movieId: RWi2  actor: Elizabeth Russell
movieId: RWi3  actor: Henry Daniell
movieId: RWi3  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: RWi3  actor: Bela Lugosi
movieId: RWi3  actor: Edith Atwater
movieId: RWi3  actor: Russel Wade
movieId: RWi7  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: RWi9  actor: Robert Ryan
movieId: RWi9  actor: Audrey Totter
movieId: RWi9  actor: George Tobias
movieId: RWi9  actor: Wallace Ford
movieId: RWi9  actor: Alan Baxter
movieId: RWi13  actor: Patricia Neal
movieId: RWi13  actor: Michael Rennie
movieId: RWi13  actor: Lock Martin
movieId: RWi13  actor: Billie Gray
movieId: RWi24  actor: Susan Hayward
movieId: RWi24  actor: Theodore Bikel
movieId: RWi28  actor: Natalie Wood
movieId: RWi28  actor: Richard Beymer
movieId: RWi28  actor: Russ Tamblyn
movieId: RWi28  actor: Rita Moreno
movieId: RWi28  actor: George Chakiris
movieId: RWi28  actor: Eliot Feld
movieId: RWi28  actor: Gus Trikonis
movieId: RWi28  actor: Bill Bramley
movieId: RWi28  actor: Simon Oakland
movieId: RWi28  actor: Ned Glass
movieId: RWi29  actor: Richard Johnson
movieId: RWi29  actor: Claire Bloom
movieId: RWi29  actor: Julie Harris
movieId: RWi29  actor: Russ Tamblyn
movieId: RWi29  actor: Los Maxwell
movieId: RWi29  actor: Valentine Dyall
movieId: RWi31  actor: Julie Andrews
movieId: RWi31  actor: Christopher Plummer
movieId: RWi31  actor: Eleanor Parker
movieId: RWi31  actor: Richard Haydn
movieId: RWi31  actor: Peggy Wood
movieId: RWi31  actor: Anna Lee
movieId: RWi31  actor: Marni Nixon
movieId: RWi31  actor: Charmian Carr
movieId: RWi31  actor: Heather Menzies
movieId: RWi31  actor: Nicholas Hammond
movieId: RWi31  actor: Duane Chase
movieId: RWi31  actor: Angela Cartwright
movieId: RWi31  actor: Debbie Turner
movieId: RWi31  actor: Kym Karath
movieId: RWi32  actor: Candice Bergen
movieId: RWi32  actor: Steve McQueen
movieId: RWi33  actor: Julie Andrews
movieId: RWi33  actor: Richard Crenna
movieId: RWi33  actor: Michael Craig
movieId: RWi33  actor: Daniel Massey
movieId: RWi33  actor: John Collin
movieId: RWi33  actor: Robert Reed
movieId: RWi33  actor: Bruce Forsyth
movieId: RWi33  actor: Beryl Reid
movieId: RWi33  actor: Jenny Agutter
movieId: RWi33  actor: Jack Livingstone
movieId: RWi34  actor: Arthur Hill
movieId: RWi36  actor: George C. Scott
movieId: RWi36  actor: Anne Bancroft
movieId: RWi36  actor: Roy Thinnes
movieId: RWi36  actor: Gig Young
movieId: RWi36  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: RWi36  actor: William Atherton
movieId: RWi36  actor: Charles Durning
movieId: RWi37  actor: Marsha Mason
movieId: RWi37  actor: John Beck
movieId: RWi37  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: RWi37  actor: John Hillerman
movieId: RWi38  actor: William Shatner
movieId: RWi38  actor: Leonard Nimoy
movieId: RWi38  actor: Persis Khambatta
movieId: RWi38  actor: DeForest Kelley
movieId: RWi38  actor: George Takei
movieId: RWi38  actor: Nichelle Nichols
movieId: RWl10  actor: Alastair Sims
movieId: RWl10  actor: Melvyn Hayes
movieId: RWl10  actor: Michael Hodern
movieId: RWN10  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: RWN10  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: RWN10  actor: Lionel Atwill
movieId: RWN10  actor: Mary Gordon
movieId: RWN10  actor: Dennis Hoey
movieId: RWN10  actor: Paul Fix
movieId: RWN10  actor: William Post~jr.
movieId: RWN15  actor: Lon Chaney~jr
movieId: RWN15  actor: Ilona Masey
movieId: RWN15  actor: Bela Lugosi
movieId: RWN15  actor: Patric Knowles
movieId: RWN15  actor: Maria Ouspenskaya
movieId: RWN15  actor: Elana Verduge
movieId: RWN15  actor: Lionel Atwill
movieId: RWN20  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: RWN20  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: RWN20  actor: Henry Daniell
movieId: RWN20  actor: George Zucco
movieId: RWN20  actor: Mary Gordon
movieId: RWN20  actor: Bradley Page
movieId: RWN24  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: RWN24  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: RWN24  actor: Halliwell Hobbes
movieId: RWN24  actor: Dennis Hoey
movieId: RWN24  actor: Mary Gordon
movieId: RWN24  actor: Milburn Stone
movieId: RWN24  actor: Hillary Brooke
movieId: RWN24  actor: Peter Lawford
movieId: RWN26  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: RWN26  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: RWN26  actor: Gale Sondergard
movieId: RWN26  actor: Dennis Hoey
movieId: RWN26  actor: Mary Gordon
movieId: RWN26  actor: Angelo Rossitto
movieId: RWN28  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: RWN28  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: RWN28  actor: Gerald Hammer
movieId: RWN28  actor: Mary Gordon
movieId: RWN30  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: RWN30  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: RWN30  actor: Miles Mander
movieId: RWN30  actor: Dennis Hoey
movieId: RWN30  actor: Rondo Hatton
movieId: RWN30  actor: Mary Gordon
movieId: RWN30  actor: Evelyn Ankers
movieId: RWN32  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: RWN32  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: RWN32  actor: Aubrey Mather
movieId: RWN32  actor: Dennis Hoey
movieId: RWN32  actor: Mary Gordon
movieId: RWN34  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: RWN34  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: RWN34  actor: Henry Daniell
movieId: RWN34  actor: Hillary Brooke
movieId: RWN34  actor: Mary Gordon
movieId: RWN38  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: RWN38  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: RWN38  actor: Martin Kosleck
movieId: RWN38  actor: Mary Gordon
movieId: RWN44  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: RWN44  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: RWN44  actor: Alan Mowbray
movieId: RWN44  actor: Dennis Hoey
movieId: RWN44  actor: Renee Godfrey
movieId: RWN44  actor: Bill Bevan
movieId: RWN44  actor: Mary Forbes
movieId: RWN44  actor: Frederic Worlock
movieId: RWN44  actor: Mary Gordon
movieId: RWN46  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: RWN46  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: RWN46  actor: Patricia Morrison
movieId: RWN46  actor: Mary Gordon
movieId: RWs10  actor: Lillian Gish
movieId: RWs10  actor: Candy Clark
movieId: RWs10  actor: Timothy Bottoms
movieId: RWs10  actor: O.J. Simpson
movieId: RWs10  actor: Allan Hale
movieId: RWs10  actor: Jack Carter
movieId: RxI1  actor: Rudolf Valentino
movieId: RxI1  actor: Joseph Swickard
movieId: RxI1  actor: Alice Terry
movieId: RxI1  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: RxI10  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: RxI20  actor: Ramon Novarro
movieId: RxI20  actor: s a
movieId: RxI20  actor: Clotilde Delano
movieId: RxI30  actor: Alice Terry
movieId: RxI30  actor: Antonio Moreno
movieId: RyB4  actor: Anna Sten
movieId: RyB8  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: RyB8  actor: Ethel Barrymore
movieId: RyB8  actor: John Barrymore
movieId: RyB9  actor: Jimmy Durante
movieId: RyB9  actor: Polly Moran
movieId: RyB9  actor: Charles Butterworth
movieId: RyB9  actor: Ted Healy
movieId: RyB9  actor: June Clyde
movieId: RyB9  actor: Jack Peral
movieId: RyB9  actor: Lupe Velez
movieId: RyB9  actor: Stan Laurel
movieId: RyB9  actor: Oliver Hardy
movieId: RyB10  actor: Greta Garbo
movieId: RyB10  actor: George Brent
movieId: RyB10  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: RyB10  actor: Warner Oland
movieId: RyB10  actor: Jean Hersholt
movieId: RyB12  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: RyB12  actor: Fredric March
movieId: RyB12  actor: Cedric Hardwicke
movieId: RyB12  actor: Rochelle Hudson
movieId: RyB12  actor: John Beal
movieId: RyB12  actor: Florence Eldridge
movieId: RyB14  actor: Lawrence Tibbett
movieId: RyB14  actor: Alice Brady
movieId: RyB14  actor: Virginia Bruce
movieId: RyB14  actor: Cesar Romero
movieId: RyB14  actor: Thurstom Hall
movieId: RyB14  actor: Luis Alberni
movieId: RyB16  actor: Irene Dunne
movieId: RyB16  actor: Melvyn Douglas
movieId: RyB17  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: RyB17  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: RyB17  actor: Tilly Losch
movieId: RyB17  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: RyB18  actor: Chester Morris
movieId: RyB18  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: RyB18  actor: Walter Brennan
movieId: RyB18  actor: Irene Hervey
movieId: RyB18  actor: Dorothy Tree
movieId: RyB18  actor: William Robinson
movieId: RyB18  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: RyK10  actor: Kyoko Kishida
movieId: RyK10  actor: Tsutoma Yamazaki
movieId: RyK10  actor: So Yamamamura
movieId: RyK12  actor: Rose Alba
movieId: RyK12  actor: Derek Aylward
movieId: RyK12  actor: Edgar K. Bruce
movieId: RyK12  actor: Gilly Grant
movieId: RyK12  actor: Cathy Howard
movieId: RyK12  actor: Hugh Latimer
movieId: RyK12  actor: Julie May
movieId: RyK12  actor: Nosher Powell
movieId: RyK12  actor: Vic Wise
movieId: RyM10  actor: Leni Riefenstahl
movieId: RYo10  actor: Tom Selleck
movieId: RYo10  actor: Jane Seymour
movieId: RYo10  actor: Lauren Hutton
movieId: RYo10  actor: Bob Hoskins
movieId: RYo10  actor: Joe Regalbuto
movieId: RYo10  actor: Ed Lauter
movieId: RYo10  actor: Warren Clarke
movieId: RYo12  actor: David Keith
movieId: RYo12  actor: Malcolm McDowell
movieId: RyS20  actor: Mort Click
movieId: RyT40  actor: Frank McGlynn
movieId: RyT55  actor: Warren Hull
movieId: RyT55  actor: Iris Meredith
movieId: RyT55  actor: Richard Fiske
movieId: RyT55  actor: Marc Lawrence
movieId: RZe1  actor: Kurt Russell
movieId: RZe1  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: RZe1  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: RZe1  actor: Gerrit Graham
movieId: RZe1  actor: Frank McRae
movieId: RZe1  actor: Deborah Harmon
movieId: RZe1  actor: Alfonso Arau
movieId: RZe1  actor: Al Lewis
movieId: RZe1  actor: David L. Lander
movieId: RZe1  actor: Harry Northrup
movieId: RZe1  actor: Michael McKean
movieId: RZe3  actor: Michael Douglas
movieId: RZe3  actor: Kathleen Turner
movieId: RZe3  actor: Danny deVito
movieId: RZe3  actor: Alfonso Arau
movieId: RZe3  actor: Manuel Ojeda
movieId: RZe3  actor: Mary Ellen Trainor
movieId: RZe5  actor: Michael J. Fox
movieId: RZe5  actor: Christopher Lord
movieId: RZe5  actor: Crispin Glover
movieId: RZe5  actor: Lea Thompson
movieId: RZe5  actor: Claudia Wells
movieId: RZe10  actor: Bob Hoskins
movieId: RZe10  actor: Christopher Lloyd
movieId: RZe10  actor: s a
movieId: RZe10  actor: Kathleen Turner
movieId: RZe10  actor: Stabby Kaye
movieId: RZe12  actor: Michael J. Fox
movieId: RZe12  actor: Michael J. Fox
movieId: RZe12  actor: Christopher Lord
movieId: RZe12  actor: Thomas F. Wilson
movieId: RZe12  actor: Thomas F. Wilson
movieId: RZe12  actor: Elizabeth Shue
movieId: RZe12  actor: Lea Thompson
movieId: RZe12  actor: Christopher Lloyd
movieId: RZe14  actor: Michael J. Fox
movieId: RZe14  actor: Michael J. Fox
movieId: RZe14  actor: Christopher Lord
movieId: RZe14  actor: Mary Steenburgen
movieId: RZe17  actor: Goldie Hawn
movieId: RZe17  actor: Bruce Willis
movieId: RZe17  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: RZe17  actor: Isabella Rosselini
movieId: RZe17  actor: Sydney Pollack
movieId: RZe17  actor: Ian Ogilvy
movieId: RZe19  actor: Tom Hanks
movieId: RZe19  actor: s a
movieId: RZe19  actor: Robin Wright
movieId: RZe19  actor: Gary Sinise
movieId: RZe19  actor: Mykelti Williamson
movieId: RZe19  actor: Sally Field
movieId: RZe19  actor: Elvis Presley
movieId: RZe19  actor: John Kennedy
movieId: RZe19  actor: Lyndon Johnson
movieId: RZe19  actor: Richard Nixon
movieId: RZe20  actor: Jodie Foster
movieId: RZe20  actor: Jena Malone
movieId: RZe20  actor: Matthew McConaughey
movieId: RZe20  actor: John Hurt
movieId: RZe20  actor: Tom Skerritt
movieId: RZe20  actor: James Woods
movieId: RZe20  actor: Bill Clinton
movieId: RZe20  actor: Rob Lowe
movieId: RZe20  actor: Henry Strozier
movieId: RZe20  actor: Michael Chaban
movieId: RZe20  actor: David Morse
movieId: RZe22  actor: Tom Hanks
movieId: RZe25  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: RZe25  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: RZL15  actor: Greta Garbo
movieId: RZL15  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: RZL15  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: RZL15  actor: John Miljan
movieId: RZL17  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: RZL17  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: RZL17  actor: Franchot Tone
movieId: RZL17  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: RZL17  actor: The Three Stooges
movieId: RZL19  actor: Jean Harlow
movieId: RZL19  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: RZL19  actor: Joseph Calleia
movieId: RZL19  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: RZL19  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: RZL19  actor: Victor Killian
movieId: RZL19  actor: J.Farrel; MacDonald
movieId: RZL20  actor: William Powell
movieId: RZL20  actor: Luise Rainer
movieId: RZL20  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: RZL20  actor: Frank Morgan
movieId: RZL20  actor: Reginald Owen
movieId: RZL20  actor: Nat Pendleton
movieId: RZL20  actor: Ray Bolger
movieId: RZL20  actor: Harriet Hoctor
movieId: RZL20  actor: Ernest Cosart
movieId: RZL20  actor: William Demarest
movieId: RZL20  actor: Fanny Brice
movieId: RZL20  actor: Gilda Grey
movieId: RZL20  actor: Stanley Morner
movieId: RZL20  actor: Virginia Bruce
movieId: RZL22  actor: Jeanette MacDonald
movieId: RZL22  actor: Allan Jones
movieId: RZL22  actor: Warren William
movieId: RZL22  actor: Billy Gilbert
movieId: RZL22  actor: Henry Daniell
movieId: RZL22  actor: George Zucco
movieId: RZL22  actor: Douglas Dumbrille
movieId: RZL24  actor: Nelson Eddy
movieId: RZL24  actor: Jeanette MacDonald
movieId: RZL24  actor: Walter Pidgeon
movieId: RZL24  actor: Leo Carillo
movieId: RZL24  actor: Buddy Ebsen
movieId: RZL24  actor: Olin Howland
movieId: RZL25  actor: Jeannette McDonald
movieId: RZL25  actor: Nelson Eddy
movieId: RZL25  actor: Mary Boland
movieId: RZL25  actor: George Zucco
movieId: RZL25  actor: H.B. Warner
movieId: RZL25  actor: Satanley Fields
movieId: RZL25  actor: Grant Mitchell
movieId: RZL26  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: RZL26  actor: Greer Garson
movieId: RZL26  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: RZL26  actor: Mary Boland
movieId: RZL26  actor: Melville Cooper
movieId: RZL26  actor: Edna May Oliver
movieId: RZL26  actor: Karen Morley
movieId: RZL26  actor: Frieda Inescort
movieId: RZL26  actor: Bruce Lester
movieId: RZL26  actor: Edward Ashley
movieId: RZL26  actor: Ann Rutherford
movieId: RZL26  actor: Maureen OSullivan
movieId: RZL26  actor: E.E. Clive
movieId: RZL26  actor: Heather Angel
movieId: RZL26  actor: Marsha Hunt
movieId: RZL28  actor: James Stewart
movieId: RZL28  actor: Judy Garland
movieId: RZL28  actor: Hedy Lamarr
movieId: RZL28  actor: Lana Turner
movieId: RZL28  actor: Tony Martin
movieId: RZL28  actor: Jackie Cooper
movieId: RZL28  actor: Ian Hunter
movieId: RZL28  actor: Charles Winninger
movieId: RZL28  actor: Al Shean
movieId: RZL28  actor: Edward Everett Horton
movieId: RZL28  actor: Philip DForn
movieId: RZL28  actor: Paul Kelly
movieId: RZL28  actor: Eve Arden
movieId: RZL28  actor: Dan Dailey
movieId: RZL28  actor: Fay Holden
movieId: RZL28  actor: Felix Bressart
movieId: RZL31  actor: Ginger Rodgers
movieId: RZL31  actor: Walter Pidgeon
movieId: RZL31  actor: Van Johnson
movieId: RZL31  actor: Lana Turner
movieId: RZL31  actor: Robert Benchley
movieId: RZL31  actor: Edward Arnold
movieId: RZL31  actor: Constance Collier
movieId: RZL31  actor: Leon Ames
movieId: RZL31  actor: Warner Anderson
movieId: RZL31  actor: Phyllis Thaxter
movieId: RZL31  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: RZL31  actor: Goerge Zucco
movieId: RZL31  actor: Xavier Cugat
movieId: RZL35  actor: Barbara Stanwyk
movieId: RZL35  actor: Van Heflin
movieId: RZL37  actor: Judy Garland
movieId: RZL37  actor: Van Johnson
movieId: RZL37  actor: S.Z. Sakall
movieId: RZL37  actor: Spring Byington
movieId: RZL37  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: RZL39  actor: Esther Williams
movieId: RZL39  actor: Van Johnson
movieId: RZL39  actor: John Lund
movieId: RZL39  actor: Paula Raymond
movieId: RZL39  actor: Clinton Sundberg
movieId: RZL39  actor: Red Skelton
movieId: RZL39  actor: Mel Torme
movieId: RZL39  actor: Sig Arno
movieId: RZL39  actor: Eleanor Powell
movieId: RZL39  actor: Lena Horne
movieId: RzB10  actor: Krystyna Janda
movieId: RzB10  actor: s a
movieId: S1  actor: s a
movieId: S1  actor: s a
movieId: S1  actor: s a
movieId: S5  actor: Emil Jannings
movieId: S5  actor: William powell
movieId: S5  actor: Evelyn Brent
movieId: S5  actor: Nicholas Soussanin
movieId: S6  actor: George Bancroft
movieId: S6  actor: Betty Compson
movieId: S6  actor: Olga Baclanova
movieId: S9  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: S9  actor: Emil Jannings
movieId: S9  actor: Kurt Gerron
movieId: S9  actor: Hans Albers
movieId: S10  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: S10  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: S10  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: S10  actor: Ulrich Haupt
movieId: S10  actor: Juliette Compton
movieId: S10  actor: Francis McDonald
movieId: S11  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: S11  actor: Victor McLaglen
movieId: S12  actor: Sylvia Sidney
movieId: S12  actor: Philip Holmes
movieId: S12  actor: Frances Dee
movieId: S12  actor: Irving Pichel
movieId: S12  actor: Frederick Burton
movieId: S12  actor: Claire Dowell
movieId: S13  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: S13  actor: Anna May Wong
movieId: S13  actor: Clive Brook
movieId: S13  actor: Warner Oland
movieId: S13  actor: Eugene Pallette
movieId: S13  actor: Gustev vonSeyfferlitz
movieId: S13  actor: Louise Closser Hall
movieId: S13  actor: Lawrence Grant
movieId: S13  actor: Emile Chatard
movieId: S14  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: S14  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: S14  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: S14  actor: Dickie Moore
movieId: S14  actor: Davidson Clark
movieId: S14  actor: Rita La Loy
movieId: S15  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: S15  actor: John Lodge
movieId: S15  actor: Sam Jaffe
movieId: S15  actor: Louise Dresser
movieId: S15  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: S15  actor: Gavin Gordon
movieId: S15  actor: Jameson Thomas
movieId: S16  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: S17  actor: Grace Moore
movieId: S17  actor: Franchot Tone
movieId: S17  actor: Walter Connolly
movieId: S21  actor: Walter Huston
movieId: S21  actor: Ona Munson
movieId: S21  actor: Gene Tierney
movieId: S21  actor: Victor Mature
movieId: S21  actor: Phyllis Brooks
movieId: S25  actor: John Wayne
movieId: S25  actor: Janet Leigh
movieId: S25  actor: Hans Conried
movieId: S25  actor: Jay C. Flippen
movieId: S25  actor: Denver Pyle
movieId: S25  actor: Kenneth Tobey
movieId: S25  actor: Paul Fix
movieId: S25  actor: Richard Rober
movieId: S25  actor: Roland Winters
movieId: S25  actor: Ivan Triesault
movieId: S25  actor: Mamie vanDoren
movieId: S25  actor: The U.S. Air Force
movieId: SaD10  actor: Robert Maplethorpe
movieId: SaD10  actor: Patti Smith
movieId: SaD10  actor: David Croland
movieId: SaF13  actor: Glenn Corbett
movieId: SaF13  actor: James Shigeta
movieId: SaF13  actor: Victoria Shaw
movieId: SaF13  actor: Anna Lee
movieId: SaF13  actor: Paul Dubov
movieId: SaF19  actor: Glenn Corbett
movieId: SaF19  actor: Christa Lang
movieId: SaF19  actor: Anton Diffring
movieId: SaF20  actor: Lee Marvin
movieId: SaF20  actor: Mark Hamill
movieId: SaF20  actor: Robert Carradine
movieId: SaF20  actor: Bobby diCicco
movieId: SaF20  actor: Kelley Ward
movieId: SaG10  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: SaG10  actor: Lelia Goldoni
movieId: SaG10  actor: Jenny Till
movieId: SAo10  actor: Koji Yakusho
movieId: SaP2  actor: Joel McCrea
movieId: SaP4  actor: William Holden
movieId: SaP4  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: SaP4  actor: Robert Ryan
movieId: SaP4  actor: Edmond OBrien
movieId: SaP4  actor: Warren Oates
movieId: SaP4  actor: Ben Johnson
movieId: SaP4  actor: Jaime Sanchez
movieId: SaP4  actor: Strother Martin
movieId: SaP4  actor: L.Q. Jones
movieId: SaP10  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: SaP10  actor: Susan George
movieId: SaP11  actor: Steve McQueen
movieId: SaP11  actor: Ali MacGraw
movieId: SaP11  actor: Sally Struthers
movieId: SaP11  actor: Al Lettieri
movieId: SaP11  actor: Slim Pickens
movieId: SaP11  actor: Ben Johnson
movieId: SaP13  actor: Kris Kristofferson
movieId: SaP13  actor: James Coburn
movieId: SaP13  actor: Bob Dylan
movieId: SaP13  actor: Richard Jaeckel
movieId: SaP13  actor: Katy Jurado
movieId: SaP13  actor: Slim Pickins
movieId: SaP13  actor: Chill Wills
movieId: SaP13  actor: Jason Robards~jr.
movieId: SaP13  actor: James Caan
movieId: SaP15  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: SaP15  actor: Gig Young
movieId: SaP15  actor: Arthur Hill
movieId: SaP15  actor: Bo Hopkins
movieId: SaP15  actor: Tiana
movieId: SaP19  actor: James Coburn
movieId: SaP19  actor: Maximilian Schell
movieId: SaP19  actor: James Mason
movieId: SaP19  actor: Senta Berger
movieId: SaP19  actor: David Warner
movieId: SaP20  actor: Kris Kristofferson
movieId: SaP20  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: SaP20  actor: Ali MacGraw
movieId: SaP20  actor: Burt Young
movieId: SaP20  actor: Franklyn Ajaye
movieId: SaP25  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: SaP25  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: SaP25  actor: James Coburn
movieId: SaP25  actor: Michael Anderson~jr.
movieId: SaP25  actor: Jim Hutton
movieId: SaP30  actor: Rutger Hauer
movieId: SaP30  actor: John Hurt
movieId: SaP30  actor: Craig T. Nelson
movieId: SaP30  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: SaP30  actor: Chris Sarandon
movieId: SaP30  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: SaP30  actor: Meg Foster
movieId: SaT4  actor: Harold Lloyd
movieId: SaT4  actor: s a
movieId: SaT4  actor: Jim Riggs
movieId: SaT5  actor: Harold Lloyd
movieId: SaT5  actor: Jim Riggs
movieId: SaT6  actor: Harold Lloyd
movieId: SaT6  actor: Jim Riggs
movieId: SaT8  actor: Harold Lloyd
movieId: SaT8  actor: Dennis James
movieId: SaT9  actor: Harold Lloyd
movieId: SaT9  actor: Jim Riggs
movieId: SaT10  actor: Harold Lloyd
movieId: SaT10  actor: Jim Riggs
movieId: SaT15  actor: Douglas Fairbanks
movieId: SaT15  actor: Mary Pickford
movieId: SaT15  actor: Edwin Maxwell
movieId: SaT15  actor: Joseph Cawthorn
movieId: SaT15  actor: Clyde Cook
movieId: SaT15  actor: Dorothy Jordan
movieId: SaT17  actor: Mary Pickford
movieId: SaT17  actor: Johnny Mack Brown
movieId: SaT17  actor: Louise Beavers
movieId: SaT17  actor: Matt Moore
movieId: SaT20  actor: Harold Lloyd
movieId: SaT23  actor: Stan Laurel
movieId: SaT23  actor: Oliver Hardy
movieId: SaT23  actor: Mary Boland
movieId: SaT23  actor: Henry ONeil
movieId: SaT23  actor: David Leland
movieId: SBa10  actor: Judith Hoag
movieId: SBa10  actor: Elias Koteas
movieId: SBa15  actor: Dan Ackroyd
movieId: SBa15  actor: Jane Curtin
movieId: SBa15  actor: Michelle Burke
movieId: SBa15  actor: Michael McKeane
movieId: SBa15  actor: David Spade
movieId: SBa15  actor: Dave Thomas
movieId: SBa15  actor: Adam Sandler
movieId: SBa22  actor: Vivian Wu
movieId: SBd10  actor: Kurt Russell
movieId: SBd10  actor: Halle Berry
movieId: SBd10  actor: Steve Segall
movieId: SBd10  actor: John Leguizamo
movieId: SBd10  actor: Oliver Platt
movieId: SBd10  actor: Joe Morton
movieId: SBd10  actor: David Suchet
movieId: SBg10  actor: Albert Finney
movieId: SBg10  actor: Yvette Mimeux
movieId: SBg10  actor: Luis Miguel Dominguin
movieId: SBg10  actor: Peter Madden
movieId: SBs10  actor: Nigel Davenport
movieId: SBs10  actor: Lynne Federicks
movieId: SBs10  actor: Michael Murphy
movieId: SCa10  actor: Vanessa Redgrave
movieId: SCa10  actor: Cort Hubbert
movieId: SCa10  actor: Keith Carradine
movieId: SCa10  actor: Rod Steiger
movieId: SCa10  actor: Lanny Flaherty
movieId: SCa10  actor: Earl Hindman
movieId: ScH10  actor: Jeffrey Gott
movieId: ScH10  actor: Noah Taylor
movieId: ScH10  actor: Armin Stahl
movieId: ScH10  actor: David Helfgott
movieId: ScH10  actor: Geoffrey Rush
movieId: ScH13  actor: E-than Hacke
movieId: ScH13  actor: Youki Kodoh
movieId: ScH13  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: SCl5  actor: Carl Lee
movieId: SCl5  actor: William Redfield
movieId: SCl5  actor: Warren Finnerty
movieId: SCl5  actor: Roscoe Lee Browne
movieId: SCl5  actor: Garry Goodrow
movieId: SCl5  actor: Jerome Raphael
movieId: SCl5  actor: s a
movieId: SCl5  actor: Freddie Redd
movieId: SCl10  actor: Hampton Clanton
movieId: SCl10  actor: Carl Lee
movieId: SCl10  actor: Dizzy Gilespie
movieId: SCl10  actor: James Moody
movieId: SCl10  actor: Mal Waldron
movieId: SCl10  actor: Gloria foster
movieId: SCl10  actor: Clarence William~III
movieId: ScM10  actor: Paul Abbott
movieId: SCo10  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: SCo10  actor: David Hemmings
movieId: SCo10  actor: John Hurt
movieId: SCo10  actor: Christopher Plummer
movieId: SCo10  actor: Virginia McKenna
movieId: SCo10  actor: Francine Racette
movieId: SCr10  actor: Eddie Murphy
movieId: SCr10  actor: Kirsten Wilson
movieId: SCr10  actor: RavenSymone
movieId: SCs10  actor: Robb Green
movieId: SCs10  actor: Tara Fitzgerald
movieId: SCs10  actor: Rupert PerryJones
movieId: SCs10  actor: Stephen Moore
movieId: SCs10  actor: Judy Comwell
movieId: SCs10  actor: Richard Bries
movieId: SCs10  actor: Tim Healy
movieId: SCs10  actor: Gream x
movieId: ScW10  actor: Dylan McDermott
movieId: ScW10  actor: Jeanne Tripplehorn
movieId: ScW10  actor: Sarah Jessica Parker
movieId: ScW10  actor: Craig Burke
movieId: ScW10  actor: Jennifer Anniston
movieId: ScW10  actor: Nina Foch
movieId: ScW10  actor: Alan Drummond
movieId: ScW10  actor: s a
movieId: ScW10  actor: Patrick Malahide
movieId: ScW13  actor: Natalie Portman
movieId: ScW13  actor: Ashley Judd
movieId: ScW13  actor: s a
movieId: ScW13  actor: John Cusack
movieId: ScW13  actor: Dylan Brown
movieId: ScW13  actor: s a
movieId: SCz10  actor: Gloria Munchmeyer
movieId: SCz10  actor: Rafael Benavente
movieId: SCz10  actor: Ernesto Beadle
movieId: SCz10  actor: Maria Castiglione
movieId: SdG1  actor: Minnie Driver
movieId: SdG1  actor: Tom Wilkinson
movieId: SdG1  actor: Harriet Walker
movieId: SdG1  actor: Arlene Cockburn
movieId: SdG1  actor: Jonathan RysMeyers
movieId: SdG1  actor: Florence Hoath
movieId: SDr1  actor: George Hamilton
movieId: SDr1  actor: Susan SaintJames
movieId: SDr1  actor: Richard Benjamin
movieId: SDr1  actor: Arte Johnson
movieId: SDr1  actor: Dick Shawn
movieId: SDr10  actor: Michael Keaton
movieId: SDr10  actor: Teri Garr
movieId: SDr10  actor: Martin Mull
movieId: SDr10  actor: Ann Jillian
movieId: SDv10  actor: Dusan Pekic
movieId: SDv10  actor: Milan Maric
movieId: SDv10  actor: Dragan Bjelogrlic
movieId: SDv10  actor: Branka Katic
movieId: SE3  actor: Grigori Alxandrov
movieId: SE3  actor: Maxim Strauch
movieId: SE3  actor: Mikhail Gomarov
movieId: SE4  actor: Vladimir Barsky
movieId: SE4  actor: Aleksandr Antonov
movieId: SE4  actor: Grigori Alexandrov
movieId: SE4  actor: Levshin
movieId: SE20  actor: Nikolei Cherkassov
movieId: SE20  actor: Nikolai Okhlopkov
movieId: SE20  actor: Andrei Abrikosov
movieId: SE20  actor: Dmitri Orlov
movieId: SE20  actor: N.N. Arski
movieId: SE20  actor: V.K. Novikov
movieId: SE20  actor: V.L. Ershov
movieId: SE20  actor: S. Blinnikov
movieId: SE20  actor: I.I. Lagutin
movieId: SE20  actor: L.A. Fenin
movieId: SE20  actor: N.A. Rogozbin
movieId: SE20  actor: Varvara Massalitinova
movieId: SE20  actor: V.S. Ivasheva
movieId: SE25  actor: Nikolai Cheraskov
movieId: SE25  actor: Nikolai Cheraskov
movieId: SE25  actor: Seraphima Birman
movieId: SE25  actor: Ludmilla Tselikovskaya
movieId: SE25  actor: Pavel Kadochnikov
movieId: SE25  actor: Mikhail Nazanov
movieId: SE25  actor: Andrei Abrisokov
movieId: SE25  actor: Vsevolod Pudovkin
movieId: SE26  actor: Nikolai Cheraskov
movieId: SeC10  actor: Franco Nero
movieId: SeG10  actor: JeanPierre Marielle
movieId: SeL1  actor: Steve Reeves
movieId: SeL3  actor: Rory Calhoun
movieId: SeL3  actor: Georges Marchal
movieId: SeL20  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: SeL26  actor: Lee vanCleef
movieId: SeL28  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: SeL30  actor: Lee vanCleef
movieId: SeL35  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: SeL35  actor: Lee VanCleef
movieId: SeL35  actor: Eli Wallach
movieId: SeL40  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: SeL40  actor: Jennifer Connelly
movieId: SeL40  actor: Darlanne Fleugel
movieId: SeL40  actor: Tuesday Weld
movieId: SeL40  actor: Elizabeth McGovern
movieId: SeL40  actor: James Wood
movieId: SeL40  actor: Larry Rapp
movieId: SeL40  actor: Tom Hayden
movieId: SeL40  actor: William Forsythe
movieId: SeL40  actor: Treat Williams
movieId: SeL40  actor: Burt Young
movieId: SeL40  actor: Joe Pesci
movieId: SeL45  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: SeL45  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: SeL45  actor: Claudia Cardinale
movieId: SeL45  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: SeL45  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: SeL45  actor: Gabriele Ferzetti
movieId: SeL45  actor: Paolo Stoppa
movieId: SeL45  actor: Lionel Stander
movieId: SeL45  actor: Jack Elam
movieId: SeL45  actor: Woody Strode
movieId: SFr46  actor: John Barrymore
movieId: SFr46  actor: Diana Wynyard
movieId: SeL55  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: SeL55  actor: James Woods
movieId: SeL55  actor: Elizabeth McGovern
movieId: SeL55  actor: Treat Williams
movieId: SeL55  actor: Teusday Weld
movieId: SeL55  actor: Burt Young
movieId: SeL55  actor: Danny Aiello
movieId: SeL55  actor: William Forsythe
movieId: SeP1  actor: Sandy Dennis
movieId: SeP2  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: SeP2  actor: Anjelica Houston
movieId: SeP2  actor: s a
movieId: SeP2  actor: s a
movieId: SET1  actor: Edith Roberts
movieId: SET1  actor: Norman Trevor
movieId: SET1  actor: Maurice Costello
movieId: SET1  actor: Mary Carr
movieId: SET1  actor: Walter Booth
movieId: SET1  actor: Effie Shannon
movieId: SET1  actor: Montagu Love
movieId: SET8  actor: Norma Talmadge
movieId: Sfg2  actor: Bill Murray
movieId: Sfg2  actor: Scarlett Johannson
movieId: Sfg2  actor: Giovanni Ribisi
movieId: Sfg2  actor: s a
movieId: Sfg2  actor: s a
movieId: SFi10  actor: Sho Kosugi
movieId: SFi10  actor: Keith Vitali
movieId: SFi10  actor: Virgil Frye
movieId: SfP6  actor: Laurie Anderson
movieId: SfP6  actor: Wolfgang Krause Zwieback
movieId: SfP6  actor: Erwin Stache
movieId: SfP6  actor: Kurt Masur
movieId: SfP6  actor: Messer Banzani
movieId: SfP6  actor: Heiner Mulller
movieId: SfP6  actor: Erich Honecker
movieId: SfP6  actor: Zorn
movieId: SFr42  actor: Norma Shearer
movieId: SFr42  actor: Robert Montgomery
movieId: SFr42  actor: Reginald Denny
movieId: SFr42  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: SFr42  actor: Jean Hersholt
movieId: SFr43  actor: Lynn Fontanne
movieId: SFr43  actor: Alfred Lunt
movieId: SFr43  actor: Roland Young
movieId: SFr43  actor: Zasu Pitts
movieId: SFr43  actor: Maude Eburne
movieId: SFr43  actor: Herman Bing
movieId: SFr43  actor: Ann Dvorak
movieId: SFr50  actor: Fredric March
movieId: SFr50  actor: Merle Oberon
movieId: SFr50  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: SFr60  actor: Paul Muni
movieId: SFr60  actor: Luise Rainer
movieId: SFr60  actor: Walter Connolly
movieId: SFr60  actor: Tilly Losch
movieId: SFr60  actor: Jessie Ralph
movieId: SFr60  actor: Charley Grapwin
movieId: SFr60  actor: Keye Luke
movieId: SFr60  actor: Harold Huber
movieId: SfS10  actor: Stuart Townsend
movieId: SfS10  actor: Dan Futterman
movieId: SfS10  actor: Kate Beckinsale
movieId: SG15  actor: Sarah Bernhardt
movieId: SG30  actor: Sacha Guitry
movieId: SG33  actor: Marguerite Moreno
movieId: SG33  actor: Cecil Sorel
movieId: SG33  actor: JeanLouis Barrault
movieId: SG33  actor: Emile Drain
movieId: SG33  actor: Simone Renant
movieId: SG33  actor: Sacha Guitry
movieId: SG33  actor: Sacha Guitry
movieId: SG33  actor: Sacha Guitry
movieId: SG33  actor: Sacha Guitry
movieId: SG33  actor: Jean Coquelin
movieId: SG33  actor: Arletty
movieId: SG33  actor: Jacqueline Delubac
movieId: SG37  actor: Sacha Guitry
movieId: SG37  actor: Sacha Guitry
movieId: SG37  actor: Sacha Guitry
movieId: SG37  actor: Emile Drain
movieId: SG37  actor: Liane Pathe
movieId: SG43  actor: JeanLouis Barrault
movieId: SG43  actor: Sacha Guitry
movieId: SG49  actor: Emile Drain
movieId: SG49  actor: Sacha Guitry
movieId: SG54  actor: Michel Simon
movieId: SG54  actor: s a
movieId: SG54  actor: Pauline Carton
movieId: SG54  actor: Sophie Desmarets
movieId: SG60  actor: Sacha Guitry
movieId: SG60  actor: Claudette Colbert
movieId: SG60  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: SG60  actor: Gerard Philipe
movieId: SG60  actor: Jean Marais
movieId: SG60  actor: Brigitte Bardot
movieId: SG60  actor: Edith Piaf
movieId: SG60  actor: Emile Drain
movieId: SG60  actor: Lana Marconi
movieId: SG60  actor: s a
movieId: SG65  actor: Daniel Gelin
movieId: SG65  actor: Raymond Pellegrin
movieId: SG66  actor: Lana Marconi
movieId: SG69  actor: Michel Simon
movieId: SG69  actor: Michel Simon
movieId: SG69  actor: s a
movieId: SG69  actor: s a
movieId: SG69  actor: s a
movieId: SG69  actor: Pauline Carton
movieId: SG69  actor: Sophie Desmarets
movieId: SG71  actor: Magali Noel
movieId: SG71  actor: Jean Poiret
movieId: SG71  actor: Michel Serrault
movieId: SG71  actor: Darryl Cowl
movieId: SGa10  actor: John Waters
movieId: SGa10  actor: Rebecca Walker
movieId: SGa10  actor: Micah Wagner
movieId: SGa10  actor: Hunter S. Thompson
movieId: SGa10  actor: Studs Terkel
movieId: SGa10  actor: Michael Stipe
movieId: SGa10  actor: George Stephanopoulos
movieId: SGa10  actor: Michael Spinola
movieId: SGa10  actor: Ralph Reed
movieId: SGa10  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: SGa10  actor: Noel Neill
movieId: SGa10  actor: Tommy Bond
movieId: SGa10  actor: Carol Foreman
movieId: SGa10  actor: George Meeker
movieId: SGe10  actor: Frantisek
movieId: SGB60  actor: Kirk Alyn
movieId: SGB60  actor: Noel Neill
movieId: SGB60  actor: Tommy Bond
movieId: SGB60  actor: Carol Forman
movieId: SGB60  actor: George Meeker
movieId: SGB75  actor: Robert Lowrey
movieId: SGB75  actor: John Duncan
movieId: SGi3  actor: Rex Harrison
movieId: SGi3  actor: Lilli Palmer
movieId: SGi3  actor: Margaret Johnson
movieId: SGi3  actor: Godfrey Tearle
movieId: SGi3  actor: Griffith Jones
movieId: SGi3  actor: Guy Middleton
movieId: SGi3  actor: Jean Kent
movieId: SGi3  actor: Marie Lohr
movieId: SGi3  actor: Garry Marsh
movieId: SGi3  actor: David Horne
movieId: SGi3  actor: Alan Wheatley
movieId: SGi8  actor: Douglas Fairbanks~jr
movieId: SGi8  actor: Glynis Johns
movieId: SGi8  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: SGi8  actor: Jack Hawkins
movieId: SGi8  actor: Walter Rilla
movieId: SGi8  actor: Karel Stepanek
movieId: SGi8  actor: Carl Jaffe
movieId: SGi30  actor: Hayley Mills
movieId: SGi30  actor: Hywel Bennett
movieId: SGi30  actor: Britt Ekland
movieId: SGi30  actor: George Sanders
movieId: SGi30  actor: Lois Maxwell
movieId: SGo10  actor: Dudley Moore
movieId: SGo10  actor: Liza Minnelli
movieId: SGo10  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: SGo10  actor: Jill Eikenberry
movieId: SGo15  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: SGr10  actor: Helmut Berger
movieId: SGr10  actor: Marisa Mell
movieId: SgT10  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: SgT10  actor: Fanny Ardant
movieId: SgT10  actor: Marcel Ophuls
movieId: SgT10  actor: Eric Rohmer
movieId: SGu10  actor: Emma Thompson
movieId: SGu10  actor: Alan Rickman
movieId: SGy10  actor: Jeremy Irons
movieId: SGy10  actor: Sinead Cusick
movieId: SGy10  actor: Grant Warnock
movieId: SGy10  actor: Lena Headsley
movieId: SGy10  actor: David Morrissey
movieId: SGy10  actor: E-than Hawke
movieId: SGy10  actor: John Heard
movieId: SGy12  actor: Debra Winger
movieId: SGy12  actor: Barbara Hershey
movieId: SGy12  actor: Chloe Webb
movieId: SGy12  actor: Gabriel Byrne
movieId: SGy12  actor: David Strathairn
movieId: SHa7  actor: Margaret Johnston
movieId: SHa7  actor: Janet Blair
movieId: SHa7  actor: Peter Wyngarde
movieId: SHa7  actor: Anthony Nicholls
movieId: SHa7  actor: Reginald Beckwith
movieId: SHa7  actor: Kathleen Byron
movieId: SHa10  actor: Rita Tushingham
movieId: SHa10  actor: Oliver Reed
movieId: SHa10  actor: Barbara Chilcott
movieId: SHa10  actor: Linda Goranson
movieId: SHa10  actor: Blain Fairman
movieId: SHa10  actor: Rex Sevenoaks
movieId: SHa10  actor: Walter Marsh
movieId: SHa10  actor: Jo Golland
movieId: SHa10  actor: Jon Granik
movieId: SHa10  actor: Merv Campone
movieId: SHa10  actor: Reginald MxReynolds
movieId: ShB10  actor: Girish Karnad
movieId: SHD10  actor: Enrique Ponce
movieId: ShI40  actor: Ken Ogata
movieId: ShI41  actor: Ken Ogata
movieId: ShI50  actor: Kazuo Kitamura
movieId: ShI50  actor: Yoshiko Tanaka
movieId: ShI52  actor: s a
movieId: ShI52  actor: s a
movieId: ShI52  actor: s a
movieId: ShI55  actor: s a
movieId: SHk10  actor: Chris ODonnell
movieId: SHk10  actor: Kiefer Sutherland
movieId: SHk10  actor: Oliver Platt
movieId: SHk10  actor: Charlie Sheen
movieId: SHk10  actor: Hugh OConnor
movieId: SHk10  actor: Gabrielle Anwar
movieId: SHk10  actor: Tim Curry
movieId: SHk15  actor: Eddie Murphy
movieId: SHk15  actor: Jeff Goldblum
movieId: SHk15  actor: Kelly Preston
movieId: SHL2  actor: Kong Lin
movieId: SHL2  actor: Gong Zhaohui
movieId: SHL2  actor: Hu Yajie
movieId: SHL2  actor: Zhao Jun
movieId: SHL2  actor: Xie Yan
movieId: ShM5  actor: s a
movieId: ShM5  actor: s a
movieId: ShM10  actor: Kenju Kobayashi
movieId: ShM10  actor: Tetsura Tanaba
movieId: ShM10  actor: Hiroshi Fujioka
movieId: ShM15  actor: Lorne Greene
movieId: ShM15  actor: s a
movieId: ShM15  actor: s a
movieId: SHo2  actor: Susan Strasberg
movieId: SHo2  actor: Ann Todd
movieId: SHo2  actor: Ronald Lewis
movieId: SHo2  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: SHo2  actor: Leonard Sachs
movieId: SHo4  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: SHo4  actor: James Villiers
movieId: SHo4  actor: Jill Bennett
movieId: SHo4  actor: Maurice Denham
movieId: SHo4  actor: Wendy Craig
movieId: SHo4  actor: Pamela Franklin
movieId: SHo4  actor: Jack Watling
movieId: SHo4  actor: William Dix
movieId: SHp5  actor: Danny Glover
movieId: SHp5  actor: Gary Busey
movieId: SHp5  actor: Ruben Blades
movieId: SHp5  actor: Maria Conchita Alonso
movieId: SHp5  actor: Bill Paxton
movieId: SHp5  actor: Robert Davi
movieId: SHp10  actor: Tommy Lee Jones
movieId: SHp10  actor: Jeff Bridges
movieId: SHp10  actor: Tommy Lee Jones
movieId: SHp10  actor: Lloyd Bridges
movieId: SHp10  actor: Forrest Whitaker
movieId: SHp10  actor: Suzy Amis
movieId: SHp13  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: SHp13  actor: Claire Danes
movieId: SHS5  actor: Elliott Gould
movieId: SHS5  actor: Bill Cosby
movieId: SHS5  actor: Susan Anspach
movieId: SHS5  actor: Adam Rich
movieId: SHS5  actor: Charles Shamata
movieId: SHS5  actor: Ronnie Schell
movieId: SHS10  actor: Ned Beatty
movieId: SHS10  actor: Barbara Bosson
movieId: SHS10  actor: Rene Enriquez
movieId: SHS10  actor: Jack Gilford
movieId: SHS10  actor: John Klaver
movieId: SHS10  actor: Frank McRae
movieId: SHS10  actor: Mitch Ryan
movieId: SHS10  actor: Kristina Wayborn
movieId: SHS10  actor: Kim Ullrich
movieId: SHS10  actor: Kabir Bedi
movieId: ShT10  actor: Shinya Tsukamoto
movieId: ShT10  actor: s a
movieId: ShT10  actor: s a
movieId: SyH10  actor: Ann Gisel Glass
movieId: SyH10  actor: Stefano Dionisi
movieId: SyH10  actor: Thomas Heinze
movieId: SiA10  actor: Rosanna Schiaffino
movieId: SiA10  actor: Rosanna Schiaffino
movieId: SiA10  actor: Bob Mathias
movieId: SiA10  actor: s a
movieId: SIC10  actor: Jack laRue
movieId: SIC10  actor: Linden Travers
movieId: SIC10  actor: Hugh mcDermott
movieId: SIC10  actor: Walter Crisham
movieId: SIC10  actor: Lily Molnar
movieId: SIC10  actor: Zoe Gail
movieId: SiG10  actor: Cem Ozer
movieId: SiG10  actor: Huylya Avsar
movieId: SiG10  actor: Armin Block
movieId: SiH20  actor: Matheson Lang
movieId: SiH20  actor: Genevieve Townsend
movieId: SiM10  actor: Debbie Watson
movieId: SiM10  actor: Donald Woods
movieId: SiM10  actor: Dorothy Green
movieId: SiM10  actor: Denver Pyle
movieId: SiM10  actor: Frank McGrath
movieId: SiN10  actor: Corinne Alphen
movieId: SiN10  actor: George Ayer
movieId: SiN10  actor: Bobbie Burns
movieId: SiN10  actor: Peter Matthey
movieId: SiN10  actor: Missy OShea
movieId: SiN10  actor: Nicholas Cortland
movieId: SiN10  actor: Marcia McBroom
movieId: SiN10  actor: Cynthia Lee
movieId: SiN10  actor: William Dysart
movieId: SiO10  actor: Robert Henderso Bland
movieId: SiO10  actor: Gene Gauntier
movieId: SiO10  actor: Percy Dyer
movieId: SiO10  actor: Jack Clark
movieId: SiO10  actor: Alice Hollister
movieId: SiO10  actor: Robert Vignola
movieId: SiO10  actor: Montague Sidney
movieId: SiO30  actor: Rudolph Valentino
movieId: SiO30  actor: Bebe Daniels
movieId: SiO30  actor: Lois Wilson
movieId: SiO30  actor: Doris Kenyon
movieId: SiO30  actor: Lowell Sherman
movieId: SiO30  actor: Flora Finch
movieId: SiO30  actor: Florence ODenishawn
movieId: SiW8  actor: Jason James Richter
movieId: SiW8  actor: Richard Riehle
movieId: SiW8  actor: Michael Bacall
movieId: SiW8  actor: Danielle Harris
movieId: SiW8  actor: Jayne Atkinson
movieId: SiW8  actor: Michael Madsen
movieId: SiW8  actor: Michael Ironside
movieId: SiW8  actor: Keiko
movieId: SiW10  actor: Paul Hogan
movieId: SiW10  actor: Cuba Gooding~jr.
movieId: SiW10  actor: Beverly dAngelo
movieId: SiW12  actor: Jason James Richter
movieId: SiW12  actor: s a
movieId: SiW12  actor: Keiko
movieId: SiW13  actor: Billy Zane
movieId: SiW13  actor: Treat Williams
movieId: SiW13  actor: Kristy Swanson
movieId: SiW13  actor: Samantha Eggar
movieId: SiW13  actor: John Tenney
movieId: SiW13  actor: Catherine ZetaJones
movieId: SiW13  actor: Smantha Eggar
movieId: SiW13  actor: John Tenney
movieId: SiW13  actor: Patrick McGohannon
movieId: SiW14  actor: Jason James Richter
movieId: SiW14  actor: s a
movieId: SiW14  actor: s a
movieId: SiW14  actor: Keiko
movieId: SJF9  actor: Rita Tushingham
movieId: SJF9  actor: Colin Campbell
movieId: SJF9  actor: Dudley Sutton
movieId: SJF9  actor: Gladys Henson
movieId: SJF17  actor: Billy Dee Williams
movieId: SJF17  actor: Diana Ross
movieId: SJF17  actor: Richard Pryor
movieId: SJF19  actor: Billy Dee Williams
movieId: SJF19  actor: Richard Pryor
movieId: SJF21  actor: Stan Shaw
movieId: SJF21  actor: Andrew Stevens
movieId: SJF21  actor: James Canning
movieId: SJF21  actor: Michael Lembeck
movieId: SJF21  actor: Craig Wasson
movieId: SJF21  actor: Scott Hylands
movieId: SJF21  actor: James Whitmore~jr.
movieId: SJF21  actor: Noble Willingham
movieId: SJF21  actor: Santos Morales
movieId: SJF21  actor: Drew Michaels
movieId: SJF22  actor: Barbara Hershey
movieId: SJF22  actor: Ron Silver
movieId: SJF22  actor: Alex Rocco
movieId: SJF22  actor: David Labiosa
movieId: SJF23  actor: Cheryl Ladd
movieId: SJF23  actor: Ken Wahl
movieId: SJF23  actor: James Whitmore~jr.
movieId: SK2  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: SK2  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: SK2  actor: Sophia Loren
movieId: SK2  actor: Theodore Bikel
movieId: SK2  actor: John Wengraf
movieId: SK2  actor: Jay Novello
movieId: SK2  actor: Philip vanZandt
movieId: SK3  actor: Tony Curtis
movieId: SK3  actor: Sidney Poitier
movieId: SK3  actor: Theodore Bikel
movieId: SK3  actor: Charles DMmcGraw
movieId: SK3  actor: Lon Chaney~jr
movieId: SK3  actor: King Donovan
movieId: SK3  actor: Claude Atkins
movieId: SK3  actor: Lawrence Dobkin
movieId: SK3  actor: Whilt Bissell
movieId: SK3  actor: Carl `Alfalfa' Switzer
movieId: SK3  actor: Cara Williams
movieId: SK4  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: SK4  actor: Ava Gardner
movieId: SK4  actor: Anthony Perkins
movieId: SK4  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: SK5  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: SK5  actor: Fredric March
movieId: SK5  actor: Gene Kelly
movieId: SK5  actor: Dick York
movieId: SK5  actor: Donna Anderson
movieId: SK5  actor: Harry Morgon
movieId: SK5  actor: Elliott Reid
movieId: SK5  actor: Claude Akins
movieId: SK6  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: SK6  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: SK6  actor: Maximilian Schell
movieId: SK6  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: SK6  actor: Richard Widmark
movieId: SK6  actor: Judy Garland
movieId: SK6  actor: John Wengraf
movieId: SK6  actor: Alan Baxter
movieId: SK6  actor: Montgomery Clift
movieId: SK6  actor: William Shatner
movieId: SK6  actor: Howard Caine
movieId: SK8  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: SK8  actor: Milton Berle
movieId: SK8  actor: Sid Caesar
movieId: SK8  actor: Carl Reiner
movieId: SK8  actor: Jonathan Winters
movieId: SK8  actor: Jimmy Durante
movieId: SK8  actor: Terry-Thomas
movieId: SK8  actor: Dick Shawn
movieId: SK8  actor: Edie Adams
movieId: SK8  actor: Dorothy Provine
movieId: SK8  actor: Buddy Hackett
movieId: SK8  actor: Ethel Merman
movieId: SK8  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: SK8  actor: Phil Silvers
movieId: SK8  actor: The Three Stoges
movieId: SK8  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: SK10  actor: Vivien Leigh
movieId: SK10  actor: Simone Signoret
movieId: SK10  actor: Oskar Werner
movieId: SK10  actor: Heinz Ruhmann
movieId: SK10  actor: Jos\'e Ferrer
movieId: SK10  actor: Lee Marvin
movieId: SK10  actor: Elizabeth Ashley
movieId: SK10  actor: George Segal
movieId: SK10  actor: Michael Dunn
movieId: SK12  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: SK12  actor: Spencer tracy
movieId: SK12  actor: Katherine Houghton
movieId: SK12  actor: Sidney Poitier
movieId: SK12  actor: Cecil Kellaway
movieId: SK12  actor: Roy E. Glenn~sr.
movieId: SK12  actor: Beah Richards
movieId: SK12  actor: Isabell Sanford
movieId: SK12  actor: Virginia Christine
movieId: SK22  actor: Bill Mumy
movieId: SK22  actor: Barry Robin
movieId: SK22  actor: Miles Chapin
movieId: SK22  actor: Jesse White
movieId: SK22  actor: Ken Swofford
movieId: SK26  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: SK26  actor: Richard Widmark
movieId: SK26  actor: Candice Bergen
movieId: SK26  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: SK26  actor: Edward Albert
movieId: SK26  actor: Eli Wallach
movieId: SKa10  actor: Cate Blanchett
movieId: SKa10  actor: Geoffrey Rush
movieId: SKa10  actor: Joseph Fiennes
movieId: SKa10  actor: Fanny Ardent
movieId: SKe10  actor: Chevy Chase
movieId: SKe10  actor: Beverly dAngelo
movieId: SKe10  actor: s a
movieId: SKe10  actor: s a
movieId: SKe10  actor: Randy Quaid
movieId: SKe10  actor: Marianne Flynn
movieId: SKe10  actor: s a
movieId: SKe10  actor: Wayne Newton
movieId: SKe10  actor: Sid Caesar
movieId: SKe10  actor: Wallace Shawn
movieId: SKe10  actor: Sigfried
movieId: SKo1  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: SKo1  actor: Beau Bridges
movieId: SKo1  actor: Jeff Bridges
movieId: SKo1  actor: Ellie Raad
movieId: SKo1  actor: Jennifer Tilley
movieId: SKo2  actor: Dennis Quaid
movieId: SKo2  actor: James Caan
movieId: SKo2  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: SKo2  actor: Gwyneth Paltrow
movieId: Sko5  actor: Gwyneth Paltrow
movieId: SkT1  actor: Tatsuta Mihashi
movieId: SkT1  actor: Miyi Hana
movieId: SkT1  actor: Eijo Wakabayashi
movieId: SkT1  actor: China Lee
movieId: SkT1  actor: The Loving Spoonful
movieId: SkT1  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: SkT1  actor: Louise Lasser
movieId: SKw20  actor: Veronica Yip
movieId: SKw23  actor: Maggie Cheung
movieId: SKw30  actor: Joan Chen
movieId: SKw30  actor: s a
movieId: SKw30  actor: s a
movieId: SL1  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: SL1  actor: Lee J. Cobb
movieId: SL1  actor: E.G. Marshall
movieId: SL1  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: SL1  actor: Ed Begley
movieId: SL1  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: SL1  actor: John Fiedler
movieId: SL1  actor: Jack Klugman
movieId: SL1  actor: George Voskovec
movieId: SL1  actor: Robert Webber
movieId: SL1  actor: Edward Binns
movieId: SL1  actor: Joseph Sweeny
movieId: SL3  actor: Sophia Loren
movieId: SL3  actor: Tab Hunter
movieId: SL3  actor: George Sanders
movieId: SL3  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: SL3  actor: Barbara Nicholas
movieId: SL3  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: SL4  actor: Marlon Brando
movieId: SL4  actor: Anna Magnani
movieId: SL4  actor: Joanne Woodward
movieId: SL5  actor: Raf Vallone
movieId: SL5  actor: Maureen Stapleton
movieId: SL5  actor: Carol Lawrence
movieId: SL5  actor: Jean Sorel
movieId: SL5  actor: Raymond Pellegrin
movieId: SL5  actor: Morris Carnovsky
movieId: SL5  actor: Harvey Lembeck
movieId: SL5  actor: Vincent Gardenia
movieId: SL7  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: SL7  actor: Dan OHerlihy
movieId: SL7  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: SL7  actor: Larry Hagman
movieId: SL7  actor: Frank Overton
movieId: SL7  actor: Edward Binns
movieId: SL7  actor: Fritz Weaver
movieId: SL7  actor: Russel Collins
movieId: SL8  actor: Rod Steiger
movieId: SL8  actor: Geraldine Fitzgerald
movieId: SL8  actor: Brock Peters
movieId: SL10  actor: Joanna Pettet
movieId: SL10  actor: Candice Bergen
movieId: SL10  actor: Jessica Walter
movieId: SL10  actor: Joan Hackett
movieId: SL10  actor: Elizabeth Hartman
movieId: SL10  actor: Mary RobinRedd
movieId: SL10  actor: Kathleen Widdoes
movieId: SL10  actor: Shirley Knight
movieId: SL10  actor: Larry Hagman
movieId: SL10  actor: Hal Holbrook
movieId: SL10  actor: Robert Emhardt
movieId: SL10  actor: Robert Mulligan
movieId: SL10  actor: James Congdon
movieId: SL10  actor: James Broderick
movieId: SL14  actor: George Segal
movieId: SL14  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: SL14  actor: Joseph Wiseman
movieId: SL14  actor: Sorell Brooke
movieId: SL14  actor: Jessica Walter
movieId: SL14  actor: Phyllis Newman
movieId: SL14  actor: Zohra Lampert
movieId: SL14  actor: Anthony Holland
movieId: SL14  actor: Godrey Cambridge
movieId: SL14  actor: Alan King
movieId: SL15  actor: Omar Sharif
movieId: SL15  actor: Anouk Aimee
movieId: SL15  actor: Lotte Lenya
movieId: SL19  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: SL19  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: SL19  actor: Dyan Cannon
movieId: SL19  actor: Alan King
movieId: SL19  actor: Ralph Meeker
movieId: SL19  actor: s a
movieId: SL19  actor: s a
movieId: SL19  actor: s a
movieId: SL20  actor: Al Pacino
movieId: SL20  actor: John Randolph
movieId: SL20  actor: Jack Kehoe
movieId: SL20  actor: Cornelia Sharpe
movieId: SL20  actor: Jack Kehoe
movieId: SL20  actor: Bill McGuire
movieId: SL20  actor: Tony Roberts
movieId: SL21  actor: Albert Finney
movieId: SL21  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: SL21  actor: Rachel Roberts
movieId: SL21  actor: Vanessa Redgrave
movieId: SL21  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: SL21  actor: Lauren Bacall
movieId: SL21  actor: Wendy Hiller
movieId: SL21  actor: Jaqueline Bisset
movieId: SL21  actor: Anthony Perkins
movieId: SL21  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: SL21  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: SL21  actor: Michael York
movieId: SL21  actor: JeanPierre Cassel
movieId: SL21  actor: George Coulouris
movieId: SL21  actor: Richard Widmark
movieId: SL21  actor: Colin Blakely
movieId: SL21  actor: Jeremy Lloyd
movieId: SL21  actor: Dennis Quilley
movieId: SL21  actor: Moffatt
movieId: SL22  actor: Al Pacino
movieId: SL22  actor: Charles Durning
movieId: SL22  actor: Tim Robbins
movieId: SL22  actor: Chris Sarandon
movieId: SL22  actor: John Cazale
movieId: SL23  actor: Faye Dunaway
movieId: SL23  actor: William Holden
movieId: SL23  actor: Peter Finch
movieId: SL23  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: SL23  actor: Beatrice Straight
movieId: SL23  actor: Ned Beatty
movieId: SL23  actor: Bill Burrows
movieId: SL23  actor: Lee Richardson
movieId: SL26  actor: Ali MacGraw
movieId: SL26  actor: Alan King
movieId: SL26  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: SL26  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: SL26  actor: Tony Roberts
movieId: SL29  actor: Diana Ross
movieId: SL29  actor: Michael Jackson
movieId: SL29  actor: Nipsey Russell
movieId: SL29  actor: Mabel King
movieId: SL29  actor: Ted Ross
movieId: SL29  actor: Richard Pryor
movieId: SL29  actor: Theresa Merritt
movieId: SL33  actor: Treat Williams
movieId: SL33  actor: Jerry Orbach
movieId: SL33  actor: Don Billett
movieId: SL33  actor: Richard Foronjy
movieId: SL33  actor: Carmine Caridi
movieId: SL33  actor: Kenny Marino
movieId: SL35  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: SL35  actor: Charlotte Rampling
movieId: SL35  actor: James Mason
movieId: SL35  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: SL35  actor: Milo OShea
movieId: SL35  actor: Lindsay crouse
movieId: SL35  actor: Edward Binns
movieId: SL35  actor: Julie Bovasso
movieId: SL35  actor: Wesley Addy
movieId: SL37  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: SL37  actor: Christopher Reeve
movieId: SL37  actor: Dyan Cannon
movieId: SL37  actor: Irene Worth
movieId: SL37  actor: Henry Jones
movieId: SL39  actor: Timothy Hutton
movieId: SL39  actor: Amanda Plummer
movieId: SL39  actor: Mandy Patinkin
movieId: SL39  actor: Lindsay Crouse
movieId: SL39  actor: Ed Asner
movieId: SL39  actor: Ellen Barkin
movieId: SL44  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: SL44  actor: Jeff Bridges
movieId: SL44  actor: Raoul Julia
movieId: SL49  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: SL49  actor: Matthew Broderick
movieId: SL49  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: SL50  actor: Christine Lathi
movieId: SL50  actor: Judd Hirsch
movieId: SL50  actor: River Phoenix
movieId: SL50  actor: Martha Plimpton
movieId: SL50  actor: Jonas Abry
movieId: SL50  actor: s a
movieId: SL52  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: SL52  actor: Timothy Hutton
movieId: SL52  actor: Luis Guzman
movieId: SL52  actor: Patrick ONeal
movieId: SL52  actor: Armand Assante
movieId: SL52  actor: Lee Richardson
movieId: SL52  actor: Charles Dutton
movieId: SL52  actor: Jenny Lumet
movieId: SL52  actor: Fyvush Frankel
movieId: SL52  actor: Paul Calderon
movieId: SL52  actor: International Crysis
movieId: SL53  actor: Jaqueline Bisset
movieId: SL53  actor: Martin Sheen
movieId: SL53  actor: s a
movieId: SL54  actor: Melanie Griffith
movieId: SL54  actor: Eric Thal
movieId: SL54  actor: Lee Richardson
movieId: SL54  actor: Mia Sara
movieId: SL54  actor: Jamey Sheridan
movieId: SL54  actor: John Pankow
movieId: SL56  actor: Rebecca deMornay
movieId: SL56  actor: Don Johnson
movieId: SL56  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: SL59  actor: Andy Garcia
movieId: SL59  actor: s a
movieId: SL59  actor: Richard Dreyfus
movieId: SL59  actor: Lena Olin
movieId: SL60  actor: James Spader
movieId: SL60  actor: Kyra Sedgewick
movieId: SL60  actor: Helen Mirren
movieId: SL60  actor: Anne Bancroft
movieId: SL60  actor: Albert Brooks
movieId: SL62  actor: Sharon Stone
movieId: SL62  actor: s a
movieId: SL62  actor: George C. Scotting
movieId: SLa2  actor: Constance Bennett
movieId: SLa2  actor: Franchot Tone
movieId: SLa2  actor: Tullio Carminati
movieId: SLa2  actor: Helen Westley
movieId: SLa2  actor: Andrew Tombes
movieId: SLa2  actor: Hobart Cavanaugh
movieId: SLa3  actor: Warren Baxter
movieId: SLa3  actor: Alice Faye
movieId: SLa3  actor: Jack Oakie
movieId: SLa3  actor: Mona Barrie
movieId: SLa3  actor: Arline Judge
movieId: SLa3  actor: Dixie Dunbar
movieId: SLa3  actor: Gregory Ratoff
movieId: SLa3  actor: Herbert Mundin
movieId: SLa3  actor: Fats Waller
movieId: SLa3  actor: Kenny Baker
movieId: SLa10  actor: Alice Faye
movieId: SLa10  actor: Walter Winchell
movieId: SLa10  actor: Ben Bernie
movieId: SLa10  actor: Jack Haley
movieId: SLa10  actor: Patsy Kelly
movieId: SLa10  actor: Ned Sparks
movieId: SLa10  actor: Grace Bradley
movieId: SLa10  actor: Walter Catlett
movieId: SLa10  actor: Joan Davis
movieId: SLa10  actor: Douglas Fowley
movieId: SLa10  actor: Miles Mander
movieId: SLa10  actor: Etienne Girardot
movieId: SLa14  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: SLa14  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: SLa14  actor: Richard Greene
movieId: SLa14  actor: Lionel Atwill
movieId: SLa14  actor: Wendy Barrie
movieId: SLa14  actor: John Carradine
movieId: SLa14  actor: E.E. Clive
movieId: SLa14  actor: Beryl Mercer
movieId: SLa14  actor: Ralph Forbes
movieId: SLa14  actor: Mary Gordon
movieId: SLa18  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: SLa18  actor: Rita Hayworth
movieId: SLa18  actor: Robert Benchley
movieId: SLa18  actor: John Hubbard
movieId: SLa20  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: SLa20  actor: Madelaine Carroll
movieId: SLa20  actor: Gale Sondergaard
movieId: SLa20  actor: George Zucco
movieId: SLa20  actor: Lionel Royce
movieId: SLa20  actor: Walter Kingsford
movieId: SLa22  actor: Jack Benny
movieId: SLa22  actor: Piscilla Lane
movieId: SLa22  actor: Rochester
movieId: SLa22  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: SLa22  actor: Anne Revere
movieId: SlB10  actor: Miranda Otto
movieId: SlB10  actor: Rebecca Firth
movieId: SlB10  actor: George Shevstob
movieId: SlB10  actor: John Alanu
movieId: SlD10  actor: Hertha Thiele
movieId: SlD10  actor: Ernst Busch
movieId: SlD10  actor: Martha Wolter
movieId: SlD10  actor: Lili Sch\"onborn
movieId: SlD10  actor: Max Schlotzki
movieId: SlD10  actor: Gerhard Bienert
movieId: SLe10  actor: JeanClaude vanDamme
movieId: SLe10  actor: Andy Armstrong
movieId: SLe10  actor: Sarah-Jane Walker
movieId: SLe10  actor: Wu Fong Lung
movieId: SLe10  actor: Geoffrey Lewis
movieId: SLe10  actor: Philip Chan Yan
movieId: SLe10  actor: Eugene Choy
movieId: SLe10  actor: s a
movieId: SLe10  actor: Julie Strain
movieId: SLe12  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: SLJ1  actor: Tracy Camilla Johns
movieId: SLJ1  actor: Spike Lee
movieId: SLJ1  actor: John Canada Terrell
movieId: SLJ1  actor: s a
movieId: SLJ1  actor: Joie Lee
movieId: SLJ1  actor: Bill Lee
movieId: SLJ2  actor: Joie Lee
movieId: SLJ3  actor: Spike Lee
movieId: SLJ3  actor: Danny Aiello
movieId: SLJ3  actor: Bill Nunn
movieId: SLJ3  actor: Ossie Davis
movieId: SLJ3  actor: Ruby Dee
movieId: SLJ3  actor: Giancarlo Esposito
movieId: SLJ3  actor: Rosie Perez
movieId: SLJ3  actor: Joie Lee
movieId: SLJ3  actor: John Turturro
movieId: SLJ3  actor: Richard Edson
movieId: SLJ3  actor: Paul Benjamin
movieId: SLJ3  actor: Frankie Faison
movieId: SLJ3  actor: Robin Harris
movieId: SLJ4  actor: Wesley Snipes
movieId: SLJ4  actor: Denzel Washington
movieId: SLJ4  actor: Terence Blanchard
movieId: SLJ4  actor: Cynda Williams
movieId: SLJ4  actor: Joei Lee
movieId: SLJ4  actor: Bill Lee
movieId: SLJ5  actor: Wesley Snipes
movieId: SLJ5  actor: Annabella Sciorra
movieId: SLJ5  actor: Samuel L. Jackson
movieId: SLJ5  actor: Lonette McKee
movieId: SLJ5  actor: John Turturro
movieId: SLJ5  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: SLJ5  actor: Ossie Davis
movieId: SLJ5  actor: Ruby Dee
movieId: SLJ5  actor: Frank Vincent
movieId: SLJ5  actor: Spike Lee
movieId: SLJ5  actor: s a
movieId: SLJ5  actor: s a
movieId: SLJ5  actor: s a
movieId: SLJ5  actor: s a
movieId: SLJ5  actor: s a
movieId: SLJ6  actor: Wesley Snipes
movieId: SLJ7  actor: Denzel Washington
movieId: SLJ7  actor: Nelson Mandela
movieId: SLJ7  actor: Ozzie Davis
movieId: SLJ7  actor: Angela Bassett
movieId: SLJ7  actor: Delroy Lindo
movieId: SLJ7  actor: Albert Hall
movieId: SLJ7  actor: Al Freeman~jr.
movieId: SLJ7  actor: Miki Howard
movieId: SLJ8  actor: Alfre Woodard
movieId: SLJ8  actor: Zelda Harris
movieId: SLJ8  actor: Delroy Lindo
movieId: SLJ8  actor: Spike Lee
movieId: SLJ8  actor: Rupaul
movieId: SLJ11  actor: Ray Allen
movieId: SLJ11  actor: Denzel Washington
movieId: SLJ11  actor: Ruby Allen
movieId: SLJ11  actor: Rosanne Dawson
movieId: SLJ11  actor: Mille Jovovich
movieId: SLJ11  actor: Hill Harper
movieId: SLJ11  actor: Bole x
movieId: SLJ11  actor: Jim Brown
movieId: SLJ11  actor: Bill Nunn
movieId: SLJ11  actor: Zeloi Harris
movieId: SLJ11  actor: Lonette McKee
movieId: SLJ11  actor: s a
movieId: SLJ11  actor: s a
movieId: SLJ12  actor: Michael Imperioli
movieId: SLJ12  actor: Victor Colicchio
movieId: SLJ12  actor: Adrien Brodie
movieId: SLJ12  actor: John Leguizamo
movieId: SLJ12  actor: Mira Sorvino
movieId: SLJ12  actor: Ben Gazarra
movieId: SLJ14  actor: Steve Harvey
movieId: SLJ14  actor: D.L. Hughley
movieId: SLJ14  actor: Cedric the Entertainer
movieId: SLJ14  actor: Bernie Mac
movieId: SLJ14  actor: sa
movieId: SLo1  actor: Sandra Locke
movieId: SLo1  actor: Robert Townsend
movieId: SLo1  actor: John Witherspoon
movieId: SLo2  actor: Theresa Russell
movieId: SLo2  actor: Jeff Fahey
movieId: SLo2  actor: George Dzunda
movieId: SlT10  actor: Anne Carlisle
movieId: SlT10  actor: Paula Sheppard
movieId: SlT10  actor: Rob Brady
movieId: SLr10  actor: Jean-Louis Trintignant
movieId: SLw10  actor: Madonna
movieId: SM1  actor: Joan Greenwood
movieId: SM1  actor: Gordon Jackson
movieId: SM1  actor: Basil Radford
movieId: SM1  actor: Catherine Lacey
movieId: SM1  actor: Sandy Mackendrick
movieId: SM3  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: SM3  actor: Joan Greenwood
movieId: SM3  actor: Cecil Parker
movieId: SM3  actor: Ernest Thesiger
movieId: SM3  actor: Michael Gough
movieId: SM3  actor: Vida Hope
movieId: SM3  actor: Howard MarionCrawford
movieId: SM3  actor: Miles Malleson
movieId: SM3  actor: George Benson
movieId: SM3  actor: Edie Martin
movieId: SM4  actor: Jack Hawkins
movieId: SM4  actor: Terence Morgan
movieId: SM4  actor: Phyllis Calvert
movieId: SM4  actor: Mandy Miller
movieId: SM4  actor: Godfrey Tearle
movieId: SM4  actor: Dorothy Alison
movieId: SM6  actor: Alec Guiness
movieId: SM6  actor: Katie Johnson
movieId: SM6  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: SM6  actor: Cecil Parker
movieId: SM6  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: SM6  actor: Jack Warner
movieId: SM6  actor: FRankie Howerd
movieId: SM6  actor: Danny Green
movieId: SM7  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: SM7  actor: Tony Curtis
movieId: SM7  actor: Martin Milner
movieId: SM7  actor: Sam Levene
movieId: SM7  actor: Susan Harrison
movieId: SM7  actor: Barbara Nichols
movieId: SM7  actor: Emile Meyer
movieId: SM8  actor: Fergus McClelland
movieId: SM8  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: SMa10  actor: Timothy Bottoms
movieId: SMa10  actor: Ed Begley~jr.
movieId: SMa10  actor: Rip Torn
movieId: SMa10  actor: Allyn Ann McLerie
movieId: SMa10  actor: Constance Forslund
movieId: SMe1  actor: Kevin Spacey
movieId: SMe1  actor: Annette Bening
movieId: SMe1  actor: Thora Birch
movieId: SMe1  actor: Mena Suvari
movieId: SMe1  actor: PeterGallagher
movieId: SMe1  actor: Wes Bently
movieId: SMe1  actor: Chris Cooper
movieId: SMf10  actor: Massoumeh Naderi
movieId: SMf10  actor: Zahra Naderi
movieId: SMf10  actor: Ghorba Ali Naderi
movieId: SMf10  actor: Azizeh Mohamadi
movieId: SMi3  actor: s a
movieId: SMi3  actor: Betsy Palmer
movieId: SMi3  actor: Dana Kimmel
movieId: Smi5  actor: s a
movieId: SMi5  actor: Betsy Palmer
movieId: SMi5  actor: Dana Kimmel
movieId: SMi10  actor: Gabrielle Anwar
movieId: SMi10  actor: Michael Schoeffling
movieId: SMi10  actor: Dylan Kussman
movieId: SMi10  actor: Cliff Robertson
movieId: SMi14  actor: Mel Gibson
movieId: SMi14  actor: Isabel Glasser
movieId: SMi14  actor: Elijah Wood
movieId: SMi14  actor: Jamie Lee Curtis
movieId: SMi14  actor: Nicholas Surovy
movieId: SMi14  actor: George Wendt
movieId: SMi14  actor: David Marshall Grant
movieId: SMi21  actor: Bill Pullman
movieId: SMi21  actor: Bridget Fonda
movieId: SMi21  actor: Oliver Platt
movieId: SMi21  actor: s a
movieId: SMi21  actor: Betty White
movieId: SMi21  actor: s a
movieId: SML10  actor: Jennifer Tilly
movieId: SmS10  actor: Ben Silverstone
movieId: SmS10  actor: Bras Gorton
movieId: SmW1  actor: Nicolas Cage
movieId: SmW1  actor: John Malkovich
movieId: SmW1  actor: Steve Buscemi
movieId: SmW1  actor: Ving Rhames
movieId: SmW1  actor: John Cusack
movieId: SmW3  actor: John Travolta
movieId: SmW3  actor: Madelein Stowe
movieId: SmW3  actor: s a
movieId: SmW3  actor: James Crowell
movieId: SmW3  actor: Timothy Hutton
movieId: SmW3  actor: James Woods
movieId: SNe3  actor: Tala Birrell
movieId: SNe3  actor: Ralph Morgan
movieId: SNe3  actor: J.Carroll Naish
movieId: SNe10  actor: Cesar Romero
movieId: SNe10  actor: Jim Hoyt
movieId: SNe10  actor: Hugh Beaumont
movieId: SNe10  actor: Whit Bissell
movieId: SNe10  actor: Hillary Brooke
movieId: SNo10  actor: Wesley Snipes
movieId: SNo10  actor: Stephen Dorff
movieId: SNo10  actor: N'Bushe Wright
movieId: SnT20  actor: Jackie Chan
movieId: SnT22  actor: Jackie Chan
movieId: SnT26  actor: Jackie Chan
movieId: SnT28  actor: Leslie Nielsn
movieId: SnT28  actor: Kelly Lynch
movieId: SNz10  actor: Lynn Redgrave
movieId: SNz10  actor: James Mason
movieId: SNz10  actor: Charles Rampling
movieId: SNz10  actor: Alan Bates
movieId: SNz10  actor: Bill Owen
movieId: SNz10  actor: Clare Kelly
movieId: SNz10  actor: Rachel Kempson
movieId: SOe10  actor: s a
movieId: SOe12  actor: s a
movieId: SOe15  actor: Tim Robbins
movieId: SOe15  actor: Martin Lawrence
movieId: SOe15  actor: Kelly Preston
movieId: SOS10  actor: Lonette McKee
movieId: SOS10  actor: Irene Cara
movieId: SOS10  actor: s a
movieId: SOS10  actor: Philip Michael Thomas
movieId: SOS10  actor: s a
movieId: SOS10  actor: Dorian Harewood
movieId: SOS10  actor: s a
movieId: SoW1  actor: Jurgen Vogel
movieId: SoW1  actor: Kai Wiesinger
movieId: SoW1  actor: Gedeon burkhard
movieId: SP5  actor: Richard Basehart
movieId: SP5  actor: Harold J. Stone
movieId: SP5  actor: Lola Allbright
movieId: SP5  actor: Gail Kobe
movieId: SP5  actor: Lee Phillips
movieId: SP5  actor: s a
movieId: SP6  actor: Michael Parks
movieId: SP6  actor: Charles McGraw
movieId: SP6  actor: Berkley Harris
movieId: SP25  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: SP25  actor: Peter Falk
movieId: SP25  actor: JeanPierre Aumont
movieId: SP25  actor: Patrick ONeal
movieId: SP25  actor: Al Freeman~jr
movieId: SP25  actor: Scott Wilson
movieId: SP25  actor: Tony Bill
movieId: SP25  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: SP25  actor: Achid Heeren
movieId: SP31  actor: Anne Bancroft
movieId: SP31  actor: Sidney Poitier
movieId: SP31  actor: Steven Hill
movieId: SP31  actor: Telly Savales
movieId: SP31  actor: s a
movieId: SP31  actor: s a
movieId: SP31  actor: s a
movieId: SP31  actor: s a
movieId: SP33  actor: Natalie Wood
movieId: SP33  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: SP35  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: SP35  actor: Michael Sarrazin
movieId: SP35  actor: Susannah York
movieId: SP35  actor: Gig Young
movieId: SP35  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: SP35  actor: Bonnie Bedelia
movieId: SP35  actor: Red Buttons
movieId: SP35  actor: Allyn Ann McLerie
movieId: SP35  actor: Severn Darden
movieId: SP40  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: SP40  actor: Will Geer
movieId: SP40  actor: Stefan Gierasch
movieId: SP40  actor: Allyn Ann McLerie
movieId: SP40  actor: Charles Tyner
movieId: SP40  actor: Josh Albee
movieId: SP45  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: SP45  actor: Ken Takakura
movieId: SP45  actor: Brian Keith
movieId: SP45  actor: Eiji Okada
movieId: SP45  actor: Herb Edelman
movieId: SP45  actor: Richard Jordan
movieId: SP45  actor: Kishi Keiko
movieId: SP45  actor: Barbra Streisand
movieId: SP45  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: SP46  actor: Patrick ONeal
movieId: SP46  actor: Veveca Lindfors
movieId: SP46  actor: Lois Chiles
movieId: SP46  actor: Bradford Dillman
movieId: SP46  actor: Herb Edelman
movieId: SP46  actor: Murray Hamilton
movieId: SP47  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: SP47  actor: Faye Dunaway
movieId: SP47  actor: Cliff Robertson
movieId: SP47  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: SP47  actor: John Houseman
movieId: SP47  actor: Walter McGinn
movieId: SP49  actor: Al Pacino
movieId: SP49  actor: Marthe Keller
movieId: SP49  actor: Ann Duprey
movieId: SP49  actor: Romolo Valli
movieId: SP55  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: SP55  actor: Sally Field
movieId: SP55  actor: Bob Balaban
movieId: SP55  actor: Melinda Dillon
movieId: SP55  actor: Barry Primus
movieId: SP55  actor: Luther Adler
movieId: SP57  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: SP57  actor: Jessica Lange
movieId: SP57  actor: Sydney Pollack
movieId: SP57  actor: Geena Davis
movieId: SP57  actor: Bill Murray
movieId: SP57  actor: Teri Garr
movieId: SP57  actor: Charles Durning
movieId: SP57  actor: Dabney Coleman
movieId: SP57  actor: Gorge Gaynes
movieId: SP57  actor: Don McGuire
movieId: SP61  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: SP61  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: SP61  actor: Klaus Maria Brandauer
movieId: SP61  actor: Michael Kitchen
movieId: SP61  actor: Malick Bowes
movieId: SP61  actor: Malick Bowes
movieId: SP61  actor: Joseph Ticka
movieId: SP61  actor: Stephen Kinanju
movieId: SP61  actor: Michael Gough
movieId: SP61  actor: Muriel Gross
movieId: SP61  actor: Suzanne Hamilton
movieId: SP65  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: SP65  actor: Lena Olin
movieId: SP65  actor: Alan Arkin
movieId: SP65  actor: Raul Julia
movieId: SP67  actor: Tom Cruise
movieId: SP67  actor: Jeanne Tripplehorn
movieId: SP67  actor: Ed Harris
movieId: SP67  actor: Holly Hunter
movieId: SP67  actor: Hal Holbrook
movieId: SP67  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: SP67  actor: Gary Busey
movieId: SP67  actor: David Strathairn
movieId: SP67  actor: Wilford Brimley
movieId: SP67  actor: Karina Lombard
movieId: SP68  actor: s a
movieId: SP68  actor: Holly Hunter
movieId: SP68  actor: Sigourney Weaver
movieId: SP68  actor: Harry Coni~jr.
movieId: SP75  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: SP75  actor: Kristen Scott Thomas
movieId: SpJ10  actor: John Malkovich
movieId: SpJ10  actor: John Cusack
movieId: SpJ10  actor: Cameron Diaz
movieId: SpJ10  actor: Catherine Keener
movieId: SpJ13  actor: Nicolas Cage
movieId: SpJ13  actor: Nicolas Cage
movieId: SpJ13  actor: Meryl Streeo
movieId: SpJ13  actor: Chris Cooper
movieId: SpJ13  actor: Cara Seymor
movieId: SpJ13  actor: Tilda Swynton
movieId: SpJ13  actor: Ron Livingston
movieId: SpJ13  actor: Brian Cox
movieId: SpJ13  actor: Maggie Gyllenhaal
movieId: SPo1  actor: Sidney Poitier
movieId: SPo1  actor: Ruby Dee
movieId: SPo1  actor: Harry Belafonte
movieId: SPo1  actor: Cameron Mitchell
movieId: SPo2  actor: Sidney Poitier
movieId: SPo2  actor: Bill Cosby
movieId: SPo2  actor: Calvin Lockhart
movieId: SPo2  actor: John Amos
movieId: SPo2  actor: Denise Nichols
movieId: SPo2  actor: Ossie Davis
movieId: SPo6  actor: Richard Pryor
movieId: SPo6  actor: Gene Wilder
movieId: SPo8  actor: Gene Wilder
movieId: SPo8  actor: Gilda Radner
movieId: SPo8  actor: Kathleen Quinlan
movieId: SPo8  actor: Richard Widmark
movieId: SPo8  actor: Robert Prosky
movieId: SPo8  actor: Josef Sommer
movieId: SpS10  actor: Gon Li
movieId: SpS10  actor: Zhang FenYi
movieId: SpS10  actor: Ray Liu
movieId: SPt10  actor: Tilda Swinton
movieId: SPt10  actor: Quentin Crisp
movieId: SPt10  actor: Charlotte Valandrey
movieId: SPt10  actor: Lothaire Bluteau
movieId: SPt10  actor: Billy Zane
movieId: SPv10  actor: Kerwin Mathews
movieId: SPv10  actor: Brian Aherne
movieId: SPv10  actor: Senta Berger
movieId: SPv10  actor: Peter Kraus
movieId: SPv10  actor: Fritz Eckhardt
movieId: SR1  actor: Kanu Banerjee
movieId: SR1  actor: Karuna Banerjee
movieId: SR1  actor: Subir Banerjee
movieId: SR1  actor: Uma Das Gupat
movieId: SR1  actor: Tulsi Chakravarty
movieId: SR1  actor: Chunibala Devi
movieId: SR1  actor: s a
movieId: SR15  actor: Karuna Banerjee
movieId: SR15  actor: Kanu Banerjee
movieId: SR15  actor: Pinakaj Sengupta
movieId: SR15  actor: Smaran Ghosal
movieId: SR20  actor: Chchabi Biswas
movieId: SR20  actor: Padma Devi
movieId: SR20  actor: Pinakai Sen Gupta
movieId: SR20  actor: Gangapada Bose
movieId: SR20  actor: Ustad Waheed Khan
movieId: SR20  actor: Roshan Kumari
movieId: SR25  actor: Soumitra Chatterjee
movieId: SR25  actor: Sharmila Tagore
movieId: SR25  actor: Alok Charavarty
movieId: SR25  actor: Swapan Mukherjee
movieId: SR30  actor: Sharmila Tagore
movieId: SR30  actor: Chchabi Biswas
movieId: SR30  actor: Soumitra Chatterjee
movieId: SR30  actor: Purnendu Mukherjee
movieId: SR30  actor: Karuna Banerjee
movieId: SR31  actor: Anil Chatterjee
movieId: SR31  actor: Chandana Banerjee
movieId: SR32  actor: Soumitra Chatterjee
movieId: SR32  actor: Aparna Das Gupta
movieId: SR35  actor: Madhabi Mukherjee
movieId: SR35  actor: Soumitra Chatterjee
movieId: SR35  actor: Sailen Mukherjee
movieId: SR35  actor: Syamal Ghosal
movieId: SR35  actor: Gitali Roy
movieId: SR36  actor: Madhabi Mukherjee
movieId: SR36  actor: Haren Chatterjee
movieId: SR36  actor: Haradhan Banerjee
movieId: SR36  actor: s a
movieId: SR36  actor: s a
movieId: SR37  actor: Madhabi Mukherjee
movieId: SR37  actor: Bholanath
movieId: SR38  actor: Madhabi Mukherjee
movieId: SR39  actor: Uttam Kumar
movieId: SR39  actor: Sharmila Tagore
movieId: SR39  actor: Babita
movieId: SR80  actor: Mamata Shankar
movieId: SR80  actor: Deepankar De
movieId: SR80  actor: Utpal Dutt
movieId: SRa1  actor: Chevy Chase
movieId: SRa1  actor: Carrie Fisher
movieId: SRa1  actor: Eve Arden
movieId: SRa1  actor: Adam Arkin
movieId: SRa1  actor: s a
movieId: SRa1  actor: s a
movieId: SRa1  actor: s a
movieId: SRa1  actor: s a
movieId: SRa1  actor: s a
movieId: SRa1  actor: s a
movieId: SRa1  actor: s a
movieId: SRa1  actor: s a
movieId: SRa1  actor: s a
movieId: SRa5  actor: Gary Busey
movieId: SRa5  actor: Dan Stroud
movieId: SRa5  actor: Charles Martin Smith
movieId: SRa5  actor: Bill Jordan
movieId: SRa5  actor: Dick ONeil
movieId: SRa5  actor: Maria Rochwine
movieId: SRa5  actor: William Jordan
movieId: SRa5  actor: Amy Johnson
movieId: SRa5  actor: Fred Travalena
movieId: SRa5  actor: Neva Patterson
movieId: SRa5  actor: Arch Johnson
movieId: SRa5  actor: Bill Phillips Murry
movieId: SRa5  actor: Gloria Irizarry
movieId: SRa5  actor: Freeman King
movieId: SRa5  actor: Gailard Sartan
movieId: SRa5  actor: Paul Mooney
movieId: SRa5  actor: Albert Popwell
movieId: SRa5  actor: Will Jordan
movieId: SRf10  actor: Robert F. Logan
movieId: SRf10  actor: Susan Damante Shaw
movieId: SRf10  actor: Ham Larsen
movieId: SRf10  actor: Hollye Holmes
movieId: SRf20  actor: Robert Urich
movieId: SRf20  actor: Mary Crosby
movieId: SRf20  actor: Michael D. Roberts
movieId: SRf21  actor: Michael Pare
movieId: SRf21  actor: Nancy Allen
movieId: SRf21  actor: Eric Christmas
movieId: SRf21  actor: Bobby diCicco
movieId: SRf21  actor: Louise Latham
movieId: SRi2  actor: Bruce Campbell
movieId: SRi5  actor: s a
movieId: SRi5  actor: s a
movieId: SRi10  actor: Liam Neeson
movieId: SRi10  actor: Frances McDormand
movieId: SRi10  actor: Colin Friels
movieId: SRi10  actor: Larry Drake
movieId: SRi18  actor: Bill Paxton
movieId: SRi18  actor: Billy Bob Thornton
movieId: SRi18  actor: Brent Briscoe
movieId: SRi18  actor: Bridget Fonda
movieId: SRi18  actor: s a
movieId: SRi19  actor: Kevin Costner
movieId: SRi19  actor: s a
movieId: SRi19  actor: Kelly Preston
movieId: SRm1  actor: William Campbell
movieId: SRm1  actor: Lori Saunders
movieId: SRm1  actor: Marissa Mathes
movieId: SRm1  actor: Sandra Knight
movieId: SRm1  actor: Patrick Magee
movieId: SRm1  actor: Jonathan Haze
movieId: SRm1  actor: Sid Haig
movieId: SRm10  actor: Celeste Yarnall
movieId: SRm10  actor: Michael Blodgett
movieId: SRm10  actor: Sherry Miles
movieId: SRo1  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: SRo1  actor: Julia Adams
movieId: SRo1  actor: Don Gordon
movieId: SRo1  actor: Ted deCorsica
movieId: SRo1  actor: Don Gordon
movieId: SRo2  actor: Raymond massey
movieId: SRo2  actor: Robert Emhardt
movieId: SRo2  actor: Ray Teal
movieId: SRo2  actor: Richard Chulenkan
movieId: SRo2  actor: Brad Weston
movieId: SRo2  actor: Rosco Ates
movieId: SRo2  actor: Jack Estes~jr.
movieId: SRo2  actor: Gordon Wynn
movieId: SRo2  actor: Betsy Hale
movieId: SRo3  actor: Alan Baxter
movieId: SRo3  actor: Tom Tully
movieId: SRo3  actor: Phyllis Love
movieId: SRo3  actor: Rebecca Welles
movieId: SRo4  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: SRo4  actor: James Bell
movieId: SRo4  actor: s a
movieId: SRo4  actor: s a
movieId: SRo4  actor: s a
movieId: SRo5  actor: Spring Byington
movieId: SRo5  actor: Harp McGuire
movieId: SRo5  actor: Bethel Leslie
movieId: SRo5  actor: Steve Dunne
movieId: SRo5  actor: Adrienne Marden
movieId: SRo20  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: SRo20  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: SRo20  actor: Strother Martin
movieId: SRo20  actor: Morgan Woodward
movieId: SRo20  actor: Anthony Zerbe
movieId: SRo20  actor: Jo VanFleet
movieId: SRo20  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: SRo20  actor: J.D. Cannon
movieId: SRo20  actor: Wayne Rogers
movieId: SRo20  actor: Ralph Waite
movieId: SRo20  actor: Harry Dean Stanton
movieId: SRo20  actor: Joe Don Baker
movieId: SRo20  actor: Lou Antonio
movieId: SRo32  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: SRo32  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: SRo32  actor: Lou Gossett
movieId: SRo32  actor: Albert Paulsen
movieId: SRo32  actor: Anthony Zerbe
movieId: SRo32  actor: Val Avery
movieId: SRo32  actor: Cathy Lee Crosby
movieId: SRo32  actor: Mario Gallo
movieId: SRo32  actor: Joanna Cassidy
movieId: SRo35  actor: Paul Newman
movieId: SRo35  actor: Joanne Woodward
movieId: SRo35  actor: Anthony Franciosa
movieId: SRo35  actor: Murray Hamilton
movieId: SRo35  actor: Richard Jaeckel
movieId: SRo37  actor: Faye Dunaway
movieId: SRo37  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: SRo37  actor: Oskar Werner
movieId: SRo37  actor: Malcolm McDowell
movieId: SRo37  actor: James Mason
movieId: SRo37  actor: Orson Welles
movieId: SRo37  actor: Katherine Ross
movieId: SRo37  actor: Ben Gazzara
movieId: SRo37  actor: Lee Grant
movieId: SRo37  actor: Sam Wanamaker
movieId: SRo37  actor: Julie Harris
movieId: SRo37  actor: Helmut Griem
movieId: SRo37  actor: Luher Adler
movieId: SRo37  actor: Wendy Hiller
movieId: SRo37  actor: Nehemiah Persoff
movieId: SRo37  actor: Maria Schell
movieId: SRo37  actor: Fernando Rey
movieId: SRo37  actor: Donald Huston
movieId: SRo37  actor: Jose Ferrer
movieId: SRo37  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: SRo37  actor: Janet Suzman
movieId: SRo37  actor: Miriam Brickman
movieId: SRo39  actor: James Brolin
movieId: SRo39  actor: Margot Kidder
movieId: SRo39  actor: Rod Steiger
movieId: SRo40  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: SRo40  actor: Jane Alexander
movieId: SRo40  actor: Yaphet Kotto
movieId: SRu10  actor: sa s a
movieId: SS2  actor: Dennis Weaver
movieId: SS2  actor: Tim Herbert
movieId: SS2  actor: Charles Peel
movieId: SS2  actor: Eddie Firestone
movieId: SS5  actor: Goldie Hawn
movieId: SS5  actor: William Atherton
movieId: SS5  actor: Ben Johnson
movieId: SS6  actor: Roy Scheider
movieId: SS6  actor: Richard Dreyfuss
movieId: SS6  actor: Robert Shaw
movieId: SS6  actor: Lorraine Gary
movieId: SS6  actor: Murray Hamilton
movieId: SS6  actor: Carl Gottlieb
movieId: SS6  actor: Robert Benchley
movieId: SS7  actor: Richard Dreyfuss
movieId: SS7  actor: Francois Truffaut
movieId: SS7  actor: Teri Garr
movieId: SS7  actor: Roberts Blossom
movieId: SS7  actor: Melinda Dillon
movieId: SS7  actor: Cary Guffey
movieId: SS7  actor: Bob Balaban
movieId: SS8  actor: Dan Ackroyd
movieId: SS8  actor: John Belushi
movieId: SS8  actor: Ned Beatty
movieId: SS8  actor: Treat Williams
movieId: SS8  actor: Nancy Allen
movieId: SS8  actor: Robert Stack
movieId: SS8  actor: Tim Matheson
movieId: SS8  actor: Toshiro Mifune
movieId: SS8  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: SS8  actor: Bobby DiCicco
movieId: SS8  actor: Patti LuPone
movieId: SS8  actor: Wendy Jo Sperber
movieId: SS8  actor: Frank McRae
movieId: SS8  actor: Diane Kay
movieId: SS8  actor: Murray Hamilton
movieId: SS8  actor: Lorraine Gary
movieId: SS8  actor: Slim Pickens
movieId: SS9  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: SS9  actor: Karen Allen
movieId: SS9  actor: Ronald Lacy
movieId: SS9  actor: Paul Freeman
movieId: SS9  actor: John RysDavis
movieId: SS9  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: SS9  actor: Francois Truffaut
movieId: SS9  actor: Teri Garr
movieId: SS9  actor: Wolf Kahler
movieId: SS9  actor: Ronald Lacey
movieId: SS10  actor: Dee Wallace
movieId: SS10  actor: Henry Thomas
movieId: SS10  actor: Peter Coyote
movieId: SS10  actor: Robert MacNaughton
movieId: SS10  actor: Drew Barrymore
movieId: SS10  actor: midget actor
movieId: SS10  actor: Debra Winger
movieId: SS10  actor: Erika Elemak
movieId: SS11  actor: Vic Morrow
movieId: SS11  actor: Dan Ackroyd
movieId: SS11  actor: Albert Brooks
movieId: SS11  actor: Doug McGrath
movieId: SS11  actor: Scatman Crothers
movieId: SS11  actor: Kathleen Quinlan
movieId: SS11  actor: Jeremy Light
movieId: SS11  actor: Kevin McCarthy
movieId: SS11  actor: John Lithgow
movieId: SS11  actor: Abbe Lane
movieId: SS11  actor: Ken McArity
movieId: SS11  actor: Bill Quinn
movieId: SS11  actor: Selma Diamond
movieId: SS11  actor: Donna Dixon
movieId: SS12  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: SS12  actor: Kate Capshaw
movieId: SS12  actor: Ke Huy Kwan
movieId: SS12  actor: Philip Stone
movieId: SS13  actor: Whoopi Goldberg
movieId: SS13  actor: Desreta Jackson
movieId: SS13  actor: Danny Glover
movieId: SS13  actor: Margaret Avery
movieId: SS13  actor: Oprah Winfrey
movieId: SS13  actor: Willard Pugh
movieId: SS13  actor: Adolph Ceasar
movieId: SS15  actor: John Malkovich
movieId: SS15  actor: Miranda Richardson
movieId: SS15  actor: Nigel Hawn
movieId: SS18  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: SS18  actor: River Phoenix
movieId: SS18  actor: Denholm Elliott
movieId: SS18  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: SS18  actor: Alison Doody
movieId: SS18  actor: John RhysDavis
movieId: SS18  actor: Julian Glover
movieId: SS19  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: SS19  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: SS19  actor: s a
movieId: SS19  actor: s a
movieId: SS19  actor: s a
movieId: SS19  actor: s a
movieId: SS19  actor: s a
movieId: SS19  actor: s a
movieId: SS20  actor: Holly Hunter
movieId: SS20  actor: Richard Dreyfuss
movieId: SS20  actor: John Goodman
movieId: SS20  actor: Brad Johnson
movieId: SS20  actor: Audrey Hepburn
movieId: SS21  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: SS21  actor: Julia Roberts
movieId: SS21  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: SS21  actor: Bob Hoskins
movieId: SS21  actor: Maggie Smith
movieId: SS21  actor: Dante Basco
movieId: SS21  actor: Charlie Korsmo
movieId: SS24  actor: Sam Neill
movieId: SS24  actor: Laura Dern
movieId: SS24  actor: Jeff Goldblum
movieId: SS24  actor: Richard Attenborough
movieId: SS24  actor: Wayne Knight
movieId: SS24  actor: s a
movieId: SS24  actor: Joseph Mazzello
movieId: SS24  actor: Ariana Richards
movieId: SS24  actor: Martin Ferrero
movieId: SS24  actor: s a
movieId: SS26  actor: Liam Neeson
movieId: SS26  actor: Ben Kingsley
movieId: SS26  actor: Ralph Fiennes
movieId: SS26  actor: Embeth Davidtz
movieId: SS26  actor: Leopold Kozlowski
movieId: SS29  actor: Wesley Snipes
movieId: SS29  actor: Patrick Swayze
movieId: SS32  actor: Jeff Goldblum
movieId: SS32  actor: Julianne Moore
movieId: SS32  actor: s a
movieId: SS33  actor: Djimin Hounson
movieId: SS33  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: SS33  actor: Morgan Freeman
movieId: SS33  actor: Matthew McConnaughy
movieId: SS33  actor: Nigel Hawthorn
movieId: SS34  actor: Tom Hanks
movieId: SS34  actor: Edward Burns
movieId: SS34  actor: Matt Damon
movieId: SS34  actor: Tom Sizemore
movieId: SS34  actor: Jeremy Davies
movieId: SS34  actor: s a
movieId: SS34  actor: Giovanni Ribisi
movieId: SSa10  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: SSa10  actor: Darren McGavin
movieId: SSa10  actor: Philip Carey
movieId: SSa10  actor: Julie Sommers
movieId: SSa10  actor: Nancy Kovack
movieId: SSb10  actor: Elias Koteas
movieId: SSb12  actor: Julia Roberts
movieId: SSb12  actor: Aaron Eckhart
movieId: SSb12  actor: Albert Finney
movieId: SSb12  actor: Veanne Cox
movieId: SSb12  actor: s a
movieId: SSb12  actor: s a
movieId: SSb12  actor: s a
movieId: SSC1  actor: s a
movieId: SSC1  actor: Adrienne King
movieId: SSC1  actor: Betsy Palmer
movieId: SSC1  actor: Crispin Glover
movieId: SSC1  actor: Harry Crosby
movieId: SSC2l  actor: Perry Lang
movieId: SSC2l  actor: David Knell
movieId: SSC2l  actor: Steve Bassett
movieId: SSC2l  actor: Paul Land
movieId: SSC2l  actor: Jayne Modean
movieId: SSC2l  actor: Corinne Alphen
movieId: SSC2l  actor: Daniel Faraldo
movieId: SSC2l  actor: Donald Symington
movieId: SSC2l  actor: Jessica James
movieId: SSC2l  actor: Richard B. Skull
movieId: SSe10  actor: Howard Keel
movieId: SSe10  actor: Jane Scott
movieId: SSe10  actor: Nicole Maurey
movieId: SSe10  actor: Kieron Moore
movieId: SSh10  actor: Denise Conrad
movieId: SSh10  actor: Frank Runyon
movieId: SSh10  actor: Jamie Tirelli
movieId: SSi115  actor: Pamela Brown
movieId: SSi115  actor: Michael Rennie
movieId: SSk1  actor: Liza Weil
movieId: SSl1  actor: Steven Seagal
movieId: SSl1  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: SSl1  actor: Joan Chen
movieId: SSl1  actor: John C. McGinley
movieId: SSl1  actor: Forrest Taft
movieId: SSn1  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: SSn1  actor: Deborah Kerr
movieId: SSn1  actor: Walter Pidgeon
movieId: SSn1  actor: Betta St.John
movieId: SSn1  actor: Les Temayne
movieId: SSn1  actor: Eduard Franz
movieId: SSn1  actor: Buddy Baer
movieId: SSo10  actor: Elijah Wood
movieId: SSo10  actor: Courtney B. Vance
movieId: SSo10  actor: Robbie Coltrane
movieId: SSo10  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: SSo10  actor: Jammes Gammon
movieId: SSo16  actor: Brendan Fraser
movieId: SSo16  actor: Rachel Weisz
movieId: SSo16  actor: John Hannah
movieId: SSo16  actor: s a
movieId: SSR10  actor: Jessica Lange
movieId: SSR10  actor: Charles Durning
movieId: SSR10  actor: Tess Harper
movieId: SSR10  actor: Donald Moffatt
movieId: SSR10  actor: Ann Woodsworth
movieId: SSR12  actor: Tommy Lee Jones
movieId: SSR15  actor: s a
movieId: SSR15  actor: Alan Bates
movieId: SSR15  actor: Richard Harris
movieId: SSR15  actor: Bill Irwin
movieId: SSR15  actor: Red Clay Ramblers
movieId: SSR15  actor: Tantoo Cardinal
movieId: SSS45  actor: Bud Abbott
movieId: SSS45  actor: Lou Costello
movieId: SSS45  actor: Katryn Grayson
movieId: SSS45  actor: John Carrol
movieId: SSS45  actor: Tom Conway
movieId: SSS45  actor: Barry Nelson
movieId: SSS55  actor: Peter Lawford
movieId: SSS55  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: SSS55  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: SSS55  actor: Pal
movieId: SSS58  actor: Bud Abbott
movieId: SSS58  actor: Lou Costello
movieId: SSS58  actor: Francis rafferty
movieId: SSS58  actor: Warner Anderson
movieId: SSS58  actor: Robert Z. Leonard
movieId: SSu10  actor: Mike Myers
movieId: SSu10  actor: Dana Carvey
movieId: SSu10  actor: Tia Carrere
movieId: SSu10  actor: Christopher Walken
movieId: SSu10  actor: Olivia dAbo
movieId: SSu10  actor: Kim Basinger
movieId: SSu10  actor: Drew Barrymore
movieId: SSu10  actor: Heather Locklear
movieId: SSv10  actor: Lukas Haas
movieId: SSv10  actor: David Arquette
movieId: StA10  actor: Criswell
movieId: StA10  actor: Texas Starr
movieId: StA10  actor: Bunny Glaser
movieId: StA10  actor: Fawn Silver
movieId: StB2  actor: Michael Redgrave
movieId: StB2  actor: s a
movieId: StB2  actor: Joan Plowright
movieId: StB2  actor: Rosemary Harris
movieId: StB2  actor: Laurence Oliver
movieId: StB2  actor: Sybil Thorndyke
movieId: StB2  actor: Lewis Casson
movieId: StB2  actor: Max Adrian
movieId: StB3  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: StB3  actor: Frank Finlay
movieId: StB3  actor: Joyce Redman
movieId: StB3  actor: Maggie Smith
movieId: StB3  actor: Derek Jacobi
movieId: StB3  actor: Robet Lang
movieId: StB3  actor: Anthony Nicholls
movieId: StB5  actor: Richard Johnson
movieId: StB5  actor: Jason Robards~jr
movieId: StB5  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: StB5  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: StB5  actor: Robert Vaughn
movieId: StB5  actor: Richard Chamberlain
movieId: StB5  actor: Diana Rigg
movieId: StB5  actor: Jill Bennett
movieId: StB5  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: StC10  actor: Angie Dickinson
movieId: StC10  actor: William Shatner
movieId: StC10  actor: Tom Skerritt
movieId: StC12  actor: Warren Oates
movieId: StC12  actor: Ken Norton
movieId: StC12  actor: Isela Vega
movieId: StC12  actor: Yaphet Kotto
movieId: StC12  actor: John Colicos
movieId: StC12  actor: Fiona Lewis
movieId: StC20  actor: Chuck Norris
movieId: StC20  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: StC20  actor: Richard Roundtree
movieId: StC20  actor: Mako
movieId: StC20  actor: Terry Kiser
movieId: StC30  actor: Chuck Norris
movieId: StC30  actor: David Carradine
movieId: StC30  actor: Barbara Carrera
movieId: StC30  actor: Leon Isaac Kennedy
movieId: StC30  actor: Robert Beltran
movieId: StC30  actor: L.Q. Jones
movieId: StD4  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: StD4  actor: Jane Powell
movieId: StD4  actor: Sarah Churchill
movieId: StD4  actor: Peter Lawford
movieId: StD4  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: StD4  actor: Albert Sharpe
movieId: StD7  actor: Howard Keel
movieId: StD7  actor: Jane Powell
movieId: StD7  actor: Russ Tamblyn
movieId: StD7  actor: Jeff Richards
movieId: StD7  actor: Howard Petri
movieId: StD24  actor: Jose Ferrer
movieId: StD24  actor: Merle Oberon
movieId: StD24  actor: Paul Henreid
movieId: StD24  actor: Walter Pidgeon
movieId: StD24  actor: Helen Traubel
movieId: StD24  actor: Doe Avedon
movieId: StD24  actor: Tamara Toumanova
movieId: StD24  actor: Paul Stewart
movieId: StD24  actor: Isobel Epsom
movieId: StD24  actor: David Burns
movieId: StD24  actor: Jim Backus
movieId: StD24  actor: Gene Kelly
movieId: StD24  actor: Fred Kelly
movieId: StD24  actor: Rosemary Clooney
movieId: StD24  actor: Jane Powell
movieId: StD24  actor: Ann Miller
movieId: StD24  actor: Cyd Charisse
movieId: StD24  actor: James Mitchell
movieId: StD24  actor: Howard Keel
movieId: StD24  actor: Tony Martin
movieId: StD24  actor: Joan Weldon
movieId: StD27  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: StD27  actor: Suzy Parker
movieId: StD27  actor: Jayne Mansfield
movieId: StD27  actor: s a
movieId: StD33  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: StD33  actor: Audrey Hepburn
movieId: StD33  actor: Kay Thompson
movieId: StD33  actor: Michael Auclair
movieId: StD33  actor: Suzy Parker
movieId: StD33  actor: Ruta Lee
movieId: StD33  actor: Robert Flemyng
movieId: StD35  actor: Doris Day
movieId: StD35  actor: John Raitt
movieId: StD35  actor: Eddie Foy~jr
movieId: StD35  actor: Reta Shaw
movieId: StD35  actor: Carol Haney
movieId: StD37  actor: Doris Day
movieId: StD37  actor: s a
movieId: StD37  actor: s a
movieId: StD37  actor: s a
movieId: StD37  actor: s a
movieId: StD37  actor: s a
movieId: StD37  actor: s a
movieId: StD41  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: StD41  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: StD41  actor: Phyllis Calvert
movieId: StD41  actor: Cecil Parker
movieId: StD41  actor: David Kosoff
movieId: StD41  actor: Megs Jenkins
movieId: StD41  actor: s a
movieId: StD42  actor: Tab Hunter
movieId: StD42  actor: Gwen Verdon
movieId: StD42  actor: Ray Walston
movieId: StD42  actor: Russ Brown
movieId: StD45  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: StD45  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: StD45  actor: Deborah Kerr
movieId: StD45  actor: Jean Simmons
movieId: StD45  actor: Moray Watson
movieId: StD51  actor: Cary Grant
movieId: StD51  actor: Audrey Hepburn
movieId: StD51  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: StD51  actor: James Coburn
movieId: StD51  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: StD51  actor: Ned Glass
movieId: StD51  actor: Jacques Marin
movieId: StD51  actor: Dominique Minot
movieId: StD51  actor: Thomas Chelimsky
movieId: StD58  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: StD58  actor: Sophia Loren
movieId: StD58  actor: Alan Badel
movieId: StD58  actor: Kieron Moore
movieId: StD58  actor: Carl Duering
movieId: StD61  actor: Dudley Moore
movieId: StD61  actor: Raquel Welch
movieId: StD61  actor: Eleanor Bron
movieId: StD61  actor: Peter Cook
movieId: StD62  actor: Albert Finney
movieId: StD62  actor: Audrey Hepburn
movieId: StD62  actor: William Daniels
movieId: StD62  actor: Eleanor Bron
movieId: StD62  actor: Jaqueline Bisset
movieId: StD62  actor: Claude Dauphin
movieId: StD62  actor: Nadia Grey
movieId: StD72  actor: George C. Scott
movieId: StD72  actor: Trish VanDevere
movieId: StD72  actor: Harry Hamlin
movieId: StD72  actor: Ann Reinking
movieId: StD72  actor: Red Buttons
movieId: StD72  actor: Eli Wallach
movieId: StD72  actor: Michael Kidd
movieId: StD72  actor: Barbara Harris
movieId: StD72  actor: Barry Bostwick
movieId: StD72  actor: Rebecca York
movieId: StD72  actor: Art Carney
movieId: StD72  actor: Kathleen Beller
movieId: StD72  actor: Jocelyn Brando
movieId: StD72  actor: George Burns
movieId: StD80  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: StD80  actor: Joseph Bologna
movieId: StD80  actor: Valerie Harper
movieId: StD80  actor: Michelle Johnson
movieId: StD80  actor: Demi Moore
movieId: StE10  actor: Jonathon Schaech
movieId: StE10  actor: Susie Porter
movieId: StE10  actor: Rod Taylor
movieId: StF3  actor: Daniel DayLewis
movieId: StF3  actor: Gordon Warnecke
movieId: StF3  actor: Roshan Seth
movieId: StF3  actor: Saeed Jaffrey
movieId: StF3  actor: Shirley Ann Field
movieId: StF3  actor: Rita Wolf
movieId: StF4  actor: Ayub Khan Din
movieId: StF4  actor: Frances Barber
movieId: StF4  actor: Shashi Kapoor
movieId: StF4  actor: Claire Bloom
movieId: StF4  actor: Wendy Gazelle
movieId: StF4  actor: Roland Gift
movieId: StF5  actor: Glenn Close
movieId: StF5  actor: John Malkovich
movieId: StF5  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: StF5  actor: Keanu Reeves
movieId: StF5  actor: Swoosie Kurtz
movieId: StF5  actor: Mildred Natwick
movieId: StF5  actor: Uma Thurman
movieId: StF5  actor: Peter Capaldi
movieId: StF5  actor: Joe Sheridan
movieId: StF5  actor: Valerie Cogan
movieId: StF10  actor: Anjelica Huston
movieId: StF10  actor: John Cusack
movieId: StF10  actor: Annette Bening
movieId: StF10  actor: Pat Hingle
movieId: StF10  actor: Gailard Sartin
movieId: StF10  actor: Stephen Tobolowsky
movieId: StF10  actor: J.T. Walsh
movieId: StF10  actor: Henry Jones
movieId: StF10  actor: Charles napier
movieId: StF10  actor: Sandy Baron
movieId: StF12  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: StF12  actor: Geena Davis
movieId: StF12  actor: Andy Garcia
movieId: StF12  actor: Joan Cusack
movieId: StF12  actor: Kevin J OConnor
movieId: StF12  actor: Maury Chaykin
movieId: StF12  actor: Christian Clemenson
movieId: StF12  actor: Cadie Huffman
movieId: StF12  actor: Stephen Tobolowsky
movieId: StF12  actor: Tom Arnold
movieId: StF12  actor: Warren Berlin
movieId: StF12  actor: s a
movieId: StF12  actor: Susie Cusack
movieId: StF12  actor: Dan Healy
movieId: StF12  actor: Margery Jane Ross
movieId: StF13  actor: Colm Meaney
movieId: StF14  actor: Tina Kellegher
movieId: StF14  actor: Colm Meaney
movieId: StF14  actor: s a
movieId: StF17  actor: Colm Meaney
movieId: StF17  actor: Donal OKelly
movieId: StF17  actor: s a
movieId: StF17  actor: s a
movieId: StF20  actor: John Cusack
movieId: StF20  actor: Iben Hjejle
movieId: StF20  actor: Tim Robbins
movieId: StF20  actor: Todd Louiso
movieId: StF20  actor: Jack Black
movieId: StF20  actor: Lilli Taylor
movieId: StF20  actor: Lisa Bonet
movieId: StF20  actor: Joelle Carter
movieId: StF20  actor: Catherine ZetaJones
movieId: StF20  actor: Joan Cusack
movieId: StF23  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: StF23  actor: Audrey Tautou
movieId: StG10  actor: Phoebe Cates
movieId: StG10  actor: Willie Aames
movieId: StH3  actor: Susan Hayward
movieId: StH3  actor: Frances Farmer
movieId: StH3  actor: Albert Dekker
movieId: StH5  actor: Brian Donlevy
movieId: StH5  actor: Veronica Lake
movieId: StH5  actor: William Bendix
movieId: StH5  actor: Alan Ladd
movieId: StH5  actor: Bonita Granville
movieId: StH5  actor: Richard Denning
movieId: StH5  actor: Joseph Calleia
movieId: StH5  actor: Moroni Olson
movieId: StH10  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: StH10  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: StH13  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: StH13  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: StH13  actor: Joan Caulfield
movieId: StH13  actor: Billy deWolfe
movieId: StH13  actor: Olga SanJuan
movieId: StH13  actor: Robert Benchley
movieId: StH13  actor: Frank Faylen
movieId: StH13  actor: Victoria Horne
movieId: StH13  actor: Karolyn Grimes
movieId: StH13  actor: Jack Norton
movieId: StH15  actor: Susan Hayward
movieId: StH15  actor: Lee Bowman
movieId: StH15  actor: Eddie Albert
movieId: StH15  actor: Marsha Hunt
movieId: StH15  actor: Carl Edmond
movieId: StH15  actor: Carleton Young
movieId: StH15  actor: Charles R. Brown
movieId: StH18  actor: Susan Hayward
movieId: StH18  actor: Robert Preston
movieId: StH18  actor: Chill Wills
movieId: StH18  actor: Pedro Armendariz
movieId: StH18  actor: Lloyd Gough
movieId: StH18  actor: Chill Wills
movieId: StH18  actor: Ed Begley
movieId: StH20  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: StH20  actor: Eleanor Parker
movieId: StH20  actor: Raymond Massey
movieId: StH20  actor: Richard Whorf
movieId: StH23  actor: Jack Palance
movieId: StH23  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: StH23  actor: Lori Nelson
movieId: StH23  actor: Lon Chaney~jr.
movieId: StH23  actor: Lee Marvin
movieId: StH23  actor: Gonzales Gonzales
movieId: StH30  actor: Richard Basehart
movieId: StH30  actor: Maria Emo
movieId: StH30  actor: Martin Kosleck
movieId: StH30  actor: John Banner
movieId: StK3  actor: Sterling Hayden
movieId: StK3  actor: Marie Windsor
movieId: StK3  actor: Jay C. Flippen
movieId: StK3  actor: Elisha Cook~jr.
movieId: StK3  actor: Colleen Gray
movieId: StK3  actor: Timothy Carey
movieId: StK3  actor: Ted deCorsica
movieId: StK3  actor: Joe Sawyer
movieId: StK3  actor: Vince Edwards
movieId: StK3  actor: Kola Kwarian
movieId: StK4  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: StK4  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: StK4  actor: George Macready
movieId: StK4  actor: Wayne Morris
movieId: StK4  actor: Richard Anderson
movieId: StK4  actor: Ralph Meeker
movieId: StK4  actor: Timothy Carey
movieId: StK4  actor: Fred Bell
movieId: StK4  actor: s a
movieId: StK4  actor: Suzanne Christian
movieId: StK5  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: StK5  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: StK5  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: StK5  actor: Tony Curtis
movieId: StK5  actor: Jean Simmons
movieId: StK5  actor: Peter Ustinov
movieId: StK5  actor: John Gavin
movieId: StK5  actor: Nina Foch
movieId: StK5  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: StK5  actor: John Ireland
movieId: StK5  actor: John Dall
movieId: StK5  actor: Charles McGraw
movieId: StK5  actor: Woody Strode
movieId: StK6  actor: Sue Lyon
movieId: StK6  actor: Shelley Winters
movieId: StK6  actor: James Mason
movieId: StK6  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: StK7  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: StK7  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: StK7  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: StK7  actor: George C. Scott
movieId: StK7  actor: Sterling Hayden
movieId: StK7  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: StK7  actor: Slim Pickens
movieId: StK7  actor: Tracy Reed
movieId: StK7  actor: James Earl Jones
movieId: StK8  actor: Keir Dullea
movieId: StK8  actor: Gary Lockwood
movieId: StK8  actor: Margaret Tyzack
movieId: StK8  actor: Leonard Rossiter
movieId: StK8  actor: William Sylvester
movieId: StK8  actor: Vivian Kubrick
movieId: StK8  actor: Frank Miller
movieId: StK8  actor: Douglas Rain
movieId: StK9  actor: Malcolm McDowell
movieId: StK9  actor: Patrick Magee
movieId: StK9  actor: Adrienne Corri
movieId: StK9  actor: Miriam Karlin
movieId: StK9  actor: Michael Gover
movieId: StK9  actor: Anthony Sharp
movieId: StK9  actor: Sheila Raynor
movieId: StK9  actor: Philip Stone
movieId: StK9  actor: Carl Duering
movieId: StK10  actor: Ryan ONeal
movieId: StK10  actor: Marisa Berenson
movieId: StK10  actor: Patrick Magee
movieId: StK10  actor: Hardy Kruger
movieId: StK10  actor: Steven Berkoff
movieId: StK10  actor: Gay Hamilton
movieId: StK10  actor: Philip Stone
movieId: StK10  actor: Michael Horden
movieId: StK15  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: StK15  actor: Shelley Duvall
movieId: StK15  actor: Danny Lloyd
movieId: StK15  actor: Barry Nelson
movieId: StK15  actor: Scatman Crothers
movieId: StK15  actor: Philip Stone
movieId: StK21  actor: Tom Cruise
movieId: StK21  actor: Nicole Kidman
movieId: StK21  actor: Sidney Pollack
movieId: StK21  actor: Rade Serbedzija
movieId: StK21  actor: Todd Field
movieId: StK21  actor: Alan Cumming
movieId: StK21  actor: s a
movieId: StK21  actor: s a
movieId: StK21  actor: s a
movieId: StK21  actor: Marie Richardson
movieId: StK21  actor: s a
movieId: StK21  actor: Vinessa Shaw
movieId: StK21  actor: s a
movieId: StK21  actor: Leelee Sobieski
movieId: StL10  actor: Jeff Bridges
movieId: StL10  actor: David Warner
movieId: StL10  actor: Bruce Boxleitner
movieId: StL10  actor: Cindy Morgan
movieId: StL10  actor: Barnard Hughes
movieId: StM2  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: StN10  actor: Francois Loyer
movieId: STo10  actor: Ana Beatriz Nogueira
movieId: STo10  actor: Aida Leiner
movieId: SvP10  actor: Elliott Gould
movieId: SvP10  actor: Susannah York
movieId: SvP10  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: SvP10  actor: Stuart Paul
movieId: SvP10  actor: Kaye Ballard
movieId: StR5  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: StR5  actor: Frances Fuller
movieId: StR5  actor: Fay Wray
movieId: StR5  actor: Neil Hamilton
movieId: StR5  actor: Roscoe Kearns
movieId: StR10  actor: William Powell
movieId: StR10  actor: Jean Arthur
movieId: StR10  actor: Jimmy Gleason
movieId: StR10  actor: Eric Blore
movieId: StR10  actor: Robert Armstrong
movieId: StR10  actor: Lila Lee
movieId: StR10  actor: Grant Mitchell
movieId: StR10  actor: Ralph Morgan
movieId: StR10  actor: Hank Morgan
movieId: StR10  actor: s a
movieId: StR10  actor: s a
movieId: StR10  actor: s a
movieId: StS1  actor: Andie McDowell
movieId: StS1  actor: Peter Gallagher
movieId: StS1  actor: Laura SanGiacomo
movieId: StS1  actor: James Spader
movieId: StS2  actor: Jeremy Irons
movieId: StS2  actor: Jules Gray
movieId: StS2  actor: Ian Holmes
movieId: StS2  actor: Sandra Dumas
movieId: StS2  actor: Jeroen Krabbe
movieId: StS5  actor: Jesse Bradford
movieId: StS5  actor: Cameron Boyd
movieId: StS5  actor: Jeroen Krabbe
movieId: StS5  actor: Lisa Eichhorn
movieId: StS5  actor: Karen Allen
movieId: StS5  actor: s a
movieId: StS5  actor: Spalding Gray
movieId: StS5  actor: Elizabeth McGovern
movieId: StS10  actor: George Clooney
movieId: StS10  actor: Jennifer Lopez
movieId: StS10  actor: Steve Zahn
movieId: StS10  actor: Ving Rhames
movieId: StS10  actor: Nancy Allen
movieId: StS10  actor: Catherine Keener
movieId: StS10  actor: Albert Brooks
movieId: StS10  actor: Don Cheadle
movieId: StS10  actor: Dennis Farina
movieId: StS10  actor: Paul Cadenou
movieId: StS10  actor: Isaah Walker
movieId: StS13  actor: George Clooney
movieId: StS13  actor: Matt Damon
movieId: StS13  actor: Brad Pitt
movieId: StS13  actor: sa
movieId: StS13  actor: Andy Garcia
movieId: StS13  actor: Casey Affleck
movieId: StS13  actor: Julia Roberts
movieId: StS13  actor: Scott Caan
movieId: StS13  actor: Elliot Gould
movieId: StS13  actor: Bernie Mac
movieId: StS13  actor: sa
movieId: StS13  actor: sa
movieId: StS13  actor: sa
movieId: StS13  actor: sa
movieId: StS13  actor: Elliott Gould
movieId: StS13  actor: Eddie Jamieson
movieId: StS13  actor: Carl Reiner
movieId: StS13  actor: Eddy Affleck
movieId: StS13  actor: Fred Weintraub
movieId: StS13  actor: Scott Canaan
movieId: StS14  actor: George Clooney
movieId: StS14  actor: Viola Davis
movieId: StS14  actor: Natascha McElhone
movieId: StS14  actor: Jeremy Davies
movieId: StS14  actor: s.a.
movieId: STu10  actor: Tony Shalhoub
movieId: STu10  actor: Stanley Tucci
movieId: STu10  actor: Ian Holm
movieId: STu10  actor: Isabella Rosselini
movieId: STu10  actor: Minnie Driver
movieId: STu10  actor: Allison Janney
movieId: STu10  actor: Campbell Scott
movieId: STu10  actor: Louis Prima
movieId: STu10  actor: Stanley Tucci
movieId: STu11  actor: Oliver Platt
movieId: STu11  actor: Teagle F. Bougere
movieId: STu11  actor: Elizabeth Bracco
movieId: STu11  actor: Steve Buscemi
movieId: STu11  actor: Billy Connolly
movieId: STu11  actor: Allen Corduner
movieId: STu11  actor: Hope Davis
movieId: STu11  actor: Dana Ivey
movieId: STu11  actor: Allison Janney
movieId: STu11  actor: Richard Jenkins
movieId: STu11  actor: Matt McGrath
movieId: STu11  actor: Alfred Molina
movieId: STu11  actor: Isabella Rossellini
movieId: STu11  actor: Campbell Scott
movieId: STu11  actor: Tont Shalboub
movieId: STu11  actor: Lili Taylor
movieId: StW7  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: StW7  actor: Carole Lombard
movieId: StW7  actor: Kent Taylor
movieId: StW7  actor: Charles Bickford
movieId: StW7  actor: Percy Kilbride
movieId: StW7  actor: Charles Middleton
movieId: StW7  actor: James Bell
movieId: STW10  actor: Henry Hull
movieId: STW10  actor: Warner Oland
movieId: STW10  actor: Valerie Hobson
movieId: STW10  actor: Spring Byington
movieId: STW10  actor: Lester Matthews
movieId: STW10  actor: Zeffie Tilbury
movieId: STW10  actor: Ethel Griffies
movieId: StZ1  actor: Max Pomeranc
movieId: StZ1  actor: Joe Mantegna
movieId: StZ1  actor: Joan Allen
movieId: StZ1  actor: Ben Kingsley
movieId: StZ1  actor: Laurence Fishburne
movieId: StZ5  actor: John Travolta
movieId: StZ5  actor: Kathleen Quinlan
movieId: StZ5  actor: James Gondolfina
movieId: StZ5  actor: John Litgow
movieId: StZ5  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: StZ5  actor: Wiliam H. Macy
movieId: StZ5  actor: Dan Hedaya
movieId: StZ5  actor: Tony Shalloul
movieId: SuA10  actor: Marcelia Cartoxo
movieId: SuA10  actor: s a
movieId: SuA10  actor: s a
movieId: SuA10  actor: s a
movieId: SuG10  actor: Jeffrey Coombs
movieId: SuG10  actor: s a
movieId: SuG20  actor: Christopher Lambert
movieId: SuG20  actor: Loryn Lockwood
movieId: SuG20  actor: s a
movieId: SuG20  actor: Kurtwood Smith
movieId: SuG25  actor: William Hurt
movieId: SuG25  actor: Lacey Chabert
movieId: SuG25  actor: s a
movieId: SuG25  actor: Matt LeBlanc
movieId: SuG25  actor: Gary Oldman
movieId: SuG25  actor: Debi Hazar
movieId: SuG25  actor: Charles Dance
movieId: SuG25  actor: Peter Newman
movieId: SuH14  actor: Sachiko Hidari
movieId: SuK10  actor: Albert Finney
movieId: SuK10  actor: Tara Fitzgerald
movieId: SuK10  actor: Brenda Fricker
movieId: SuK10  actor: Michael Gambon
movieId: SuK10  actor: Rufus Sewell
movieId: SuR5  actor: Robert Vaughn
movieId: SuR5  actor: David McCallum
movieId: SuR5  actor: Leo G. McCarroll
movieId: SuR10  actor: Dean Stockwell
movieId: SuR10  actor: Gloria Grahame
movieId: SuR10  actor: Pat Stich
movieId: SuR10  actor: Todd Susman
movieId: SuR10  actor: Scott Brady
movieId: SuR10  actor: Alex Dreier
movieId: SuS10  actor: Brad Rinn
movieId: SuS10  actor: Susan Berman
movieId: SuS10  actor: Richard Hell
movieId: SuS12  actor: Rosanna Arquette
movieId: SuS12  actor: Madonna
movieId: SuS12  actor: Aidan Quinn
movieId: SuS12  actor: Mark Blum
movieId: SuS12  actor: Robert Joy
movieId: SuS12  actor: Steven Wright
movieId: SuS12  actor: Rosanna Arquette
movieId: SuS12  actor: Anne Carslile
movieId: SuS12  actor: Ann Magnuson
movieId: SuS16  actor: John Malkovich
movieId: SuS16  actor: John Malkovich
movieId: SuS16  actor: Ann Magnuson
movieId: SuS16  actor: Lenne Headley
movieId: SuS16  actor: Ben Masters
movieId: SuS16  actor: Laurie Metcalf
movieId: SuS16  actor: Robert Trebor
movieId: SuS16  actor: Polly Bergen
movieId: SuS16  actor: Hart Bochner
movieId: SuS20  actor: Peter Falk
movieId: SuS20  actor: Dianne Wiest
movieId: SuS20  actor: Emley Lloyd
movieId: SuS20  actor: Joe Montagna
movieId: SuS20  actor: s a
movieId: SuS20  actor: Joe Montillo
movieId: SuS25  actor: Mira Sorvina
movieId: SuS25  actor: Aida Turturro
movieId: SuS25  actor: Sharon Angela
movieId: SuS25  actor: s a
movieId: SvA10  actor: Glenn Plummer
movieId: SvA10  actor: Byron Keith Minns
movieId: SvA10  actor: Carl Lumbly
movieId: SvA10  actor: LaRita Shelby
movieId: SvA10  actor: Christian Coleman
movieId: SvA10  actor: Kevin best
movieId: SvB05  actor: Aaron Schwartz
movieId: SvB10  actor: Shaun Weiss
movieId: SvB10  actor: Aaron Schwartz
movieId: SvB10  actor: Kenan Thompson
movieId: SvB10  actor: Tom McGowan
movieId: SvB10  actor: Ben Stiller
movieId: SvB10  actor: Jerry Stiller
movieId: SvB10  actor: Anne Meara
movieId: SvB10  actor: Tom Hodges
movieId: SvB10  actor: Leah Lail
movieId: SvB12  actor: Brendan Fraser
movieId: SvB12  actor: Leslie Mann
movieId: SvB12  actor: s a
movieId: SvB12  actor: s a
movieId: SvB12  actor: Tai
movieId: SvB12  actor: John Cleese
movieId: SvB12  actor: Willie Brown~jr
movieId: SvB22  actor: Adam Sandler
movieId: SvB22  actor: Winona Ryder
movieId: SvF10  actor: Frankie Lymon and the Teenagers
movieId: SvN10  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: SW2  actor: Rudolph Valentino
movieId: SW2  actor: Gloria Swanson
movieId: SW2  actor: Gertrude Astor
movieId: SW2  actor: Robert Bolden
movieId: SW2  actor: Edythe Chapman
movieId: SW2  actor: Alec. B. Francis
movieId: SW2  actor: Mabel vanBuren
movieId: SW2  actor: Helen Dunbar
movieId: SW6  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: SW6  actor: John Miljan
movieId: SW6  actor: Kent Douglass
movieId: SW6  actor: Marie Prevost
movieId: SW6  actor: Robert Armstrong
movieId: SW6  actor: Purnell Pratt
movieId: SW6  actor: Polly Moran
movieId: SW6  actor: Gwen Lee
movieId: SW7  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: SW7  actor: Ramon Navarro
movieId: SW7  actor: Reginald Denny
movieId: SW7  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: SW8  actor: Jean Harlow
movieId: SW8  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: SW8  actor: Stuart Erwin
movieId: SW8  actor: Dorothy Burgess
movieId: SW10  actor: Groucho Marx
movieId: SW10  actor: Harpo Marx
movieId: SW10  actor: Chico Marx
movieId: SW10  actor: Margaret Dumont
movieId: SW10  actor: Kitty Carlisle
movieId: SW10  actor: Allan Jones
movieId: SW10  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: SW10  actor: Walter Woolf King
movieId: SW12  actor: Groucho Marx
movieId: SW12  actor: Harpo Marx
movieId: SW12  actor: Chico Marx
movieId: SW12  actor: Zeppo Marx
movieId: SW12  actor: Esther Muir
movieId: SW12  actor: Margaret Dumont
movieId: SW12  actor: Maureen OSullivan
movieId: SW12  actor: Allen Jones
movieId: SW12  actor: Douglass Dumbrille
movieId: SW12  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: SW12  actor: Leonard Ceeley
movieId: SW12  actor: Dorothy Dandridge
movieId: SW12  actor: Ivie Anderson
movieId: SW13  actor: Gladys George
movieId: SW13  actor: John Beal
movieId: SW13  actor: Warren William
movieId: SW13  actor: Reginald Owen
movieId: SW13  actor: Lynne Carver
movieId: SW13  actor: Henry Daniell
movieId: SW13  actor: Emma Dunn
movieId: SW13  actor: Ruth Hussey
movieId: SW13  actor: George Zucco
movieId: SW15  actor: Robert Donat
movieId: SW15  actor: Greer Garson
movieId: SW15  actor: Terry Kilburn
movieId: SW15  actor: John Mills
movieId: SW15  actor: Paul Henreid
movieId: SW17  actor: Penelope Ann Mller
movieId: SW18  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: SW18  actor: Dennis Morgan
movieId: SW18  actor: James Craig
movieId: SW18  actor: Eduardo Cianelli
movieId: SW18  actor: Ernest Cossart
movieId: SW18  actor: Cecil Cunningham
movieId: SW18  actor: Florence Bates
movieId: SW18  actor: Gladys Cooper
movieId: SW18  actor: Mary Trees
movieId: SW18  actor: Nella Walker
movieId: SW19  actor: Jean Arthur
movieId: SW19  actor: Charles Coburn
movieId: SW19  actor: Bob Cummings
movieId: SW19  actor: Spring Byington
movieId: SW19  actor: S.Z. Zakall
movieId: SW19  actor: William Demarest
movieId: SW21  actor: Ann Sheridan
movieId: SW21  actor: Bob Cummings
movieId: SW21  actor: Ronald Reagan
movieId: SW21  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: SW21  actor: Betty Field
movieId: SW21  actor: Charles Coburn
movieId: SW21  actor: Nancy Coleman
movieId: SW21  actor: Maria Ouspenskaya
movieId: SW21  actor: Harry Davenport
movieId: SW21  actor: Judith Anderson
movieId: SW21  actor: Karen Verne
movieId: SW22  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: SW22  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: SW22  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: SW22  actor: Arturo deCordova
movieId: SW22  actor: Katina Paxinou
movieId: SW22  actor: Vladimir Sokoloff
movieId: SW22  actor: Mikhail Rasumny
movieId: SW22  actor: Victor Varconi
movieId: SW22  actor: Joseph Calleia
movieId: SW22  actor: Alexander Granach
movieId: SW25  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: SW25  actor: Teresa Wright
movieId: SW25  actor: Frank Morgan
movieId: SW25  actor: Anita Louise
movieId: SW25  actor: Patricia Colinge
movieId: SW25  actor: Edmond Breon
movieId: SW25  actor: Isobel Elsom
movieId: SW25  actor: Mary Treen
movieId: SW25  actor: Halliwell Hobbes
movieId: SW28  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: SW28  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: SW28  actor: Flora Robson
movieId: SW28  actor: Jerry Austin
movieId: SW28  actor: Florence Bates
movieId: SW28  actor: John Warburton
movieId: SW28  actor: John Abbott
movieId: SW28  actor: Curt Bois
movieId: SW28  actor: Ethel Griffies
movieId: SW30  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: SW30  actor: JeanPierre Aumont
movieId: SW30  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: SW30  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: SW30  actor: Mikhail Rasumny
movieId: SW30  actor: Melville Cooper
movieId: SW30  actor: Mona Maris
movieId: SW30  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: SW33  actor: James Stewart
movieId: SW33  actor: June Allyson
movieId: SW33  actor: William H. Bassett
movieId: SW33  actor: Bruce Cowling
movieId: SW33  actor: Agnes Moorehead
movieId: SW33  actor: John Kerr
movieId: SWa10  actor: Patrick Wayne
movieId: SWa10  actor: Jane Seymour
movieId: SWa10  actor: Taryn Power
movieId: SWa10  actor: Margaret Whiting
movieId: SWi4  actor: Spencer Williams
movieId: SWi4  actor: Cathryn Caviness
movieId: SWi4  actor: Juanita Riley
movieId: SWi4  actor: Rogenia Goldthwaite
movieId: SWi4  actor: James B. Jones
movieId: SWi5  actor: Hugo Martin
movieId: SWi5  actor: Emmet Jackson
movieId: SWi5  actor: Myra D. Hemmings
movieId: SWi6  actor: Spencer Williams
movieId: SWi7  actor: Spencer Williams
movieId: SWi7  actor: Myra D. Hemmings
movieId: SWi8  actor: Dizzy Gillespie
movieId: SWi9  actor: Gerladine Brock
movieId: SWi9  actor: Spencer Williams
movieId: SWi9  actor: Myra D. Hemmings
movieId: SWi9  actor: R. Jore
movieId: SWi10  actor: Francine Everett
movieId: SWi10  actor: John King
movieId: SWi10  actor: Alfred Hawkins
movieId: SWi10  actor: Don Wilson
movieId: SWi10  actor: Inez Newell
movieId: SWi10  actor: Katherine Moore
movieId: SWi10  actor: Spencer Williams
movieId: SWi11  actor: Spencer Williams
movieId: SWi11  actor: Ines Newell
movieId: SWi12  actor: Rosalie Larrimore
movieId: SWi12  actor: Joyce McElrath
movieId: SWi12  actor: Spencer Williams
movieId: SWm6  actor: Matthew Modine
movieId: SWm6  actor: Amy Brenneman
movieId: SWm6  actor: Randy Quaid
movieId: SWm6  actor: Lindsay Crouse
movieId: SWm6  actor: Paul Reiser
movieId: SWm6  actor: Jayne Brook
movieId: SWm6  actor: s a
movieId: SWm6  actor: Eliza Dushku
movieId: SWm6  actor: Maria Pittilo
movieId: SWm6  actor: Ed Flanders
movieId: SWm6  actor: Pamela Dillman
movieId: SWm6  actor: Justin Garms
movieId: SWm6  actor: Karen Kopit
movieId: SWm6  actor: Mae Whitman
movieId: SWm6  actor: Jessica Cariola
movieId: SWm6  actor: Janeane Garofalo
movieId: SWm6  actor: Ross Malinger
movieId: SWm6  actor: Wendell Pierce
movieId: SWm6  actor: Johnny Whitworth
movieId: SWm10  actor: Steve Martin
movieId: SWm10  actor: Goldie Hawn
movieId: SWm10  actor: John Cleese
movieId: SWm10  actor: Cynthia Nixon
movieId: SWm10  actor: Rudy Giuliani
movieId: SwS10  actor: s a
movieId: SwS10  actor: s a
movieId: SwS10  actor: s a
movieId: SyC10  actor: Diane Lane
movieId: SyC10  actor: Stephen Collins
movieId: SyC10  actor: James LeGros
movieId: SyC10  actor: Tess Harper
movieId: SyC10  actor: Bruce Altman
movieId: SyC10  actor: Maddie Corman
movieId: Sys1  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: Sys1  actor: Burt Young
movieId: Sys1  actor: Talia Shire
movieId: Sys1  actor: Meredith
movieId: Sys1  actor: Carl Weathers
movieId: Sys2  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: Sys2  actor: Burt Young
movieId: Sys2  actor: Talia Shire
movieId: Sys2  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: Sys2  actor: Carl Weathers
movieId: Sys2  actor: Mr.~T
movieId: Sys2  actor: Hulk Hogan
movieId: Sys3  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: Sys3  actor: Dolph Lundgren
movieId: Sys3  actor: Burt Young
movieId: Sys3  actor: Talia Shire
movieId: Sys3  actor: Brigitte Nielsen
movieId: Sys3  actor: Carl Weathers
movieId: SZi10  actor: Todd Field
movieId: SZi10  actor: Jason London
movieId: TAb10  actor: Soso Dzhachvliani
movieId: TAb10  actor: Lika Kavzharadze
movieId: TAb10  actor: Zaza Koleishvili
movieId: TAF10  actor: Peter vanNorden
movieId: TAF10  actor: Anne Bowen
movieId: TAF10  actor: Martin Beck
movieId: TAF10  actor: s a
movieId: TaH2  actor: Ray Sharkey
movieId: TaH2  actor: Tovah Feldshuh
movieId: TaH5  actor: Richard Gere
movieId: TaH5  actor: Debra Winger
movieId: TaH5  actor: Lou Gossett~jr.
movieId: TaH5  actor: David Keith
movieId: TaH5  actor: Robert Loggia
movieId: TaH5  actor: Toni Plana
movieId: TaH5  actor: Lisa Eilbacher
movieId: TaH6  actor: Rachel Ward
movieId: TaH6  actor: Jeff Bridges
movieId: TaH6  actor: James Woods
movieId: TaH6  actor: Richard Widmark
movieId: TaH6  actor: Alex Karras
movieId: TaH6  actor: Jane Greer
movieId: TaH6  actor: Dorian Harewood
movieId: TaH6  actor: Swoosie Kurtz
movieId: TaH8  actor: Mikhail Baryshnikov
movieId: TaH8  actor: Gregory Hines
movieId: TaH8  actor: Isabella Rosselini
movieId: TaH8  actor: Jerzy Skolimowski
movieId: TaH8  actor: Geraldine Page
movieId: TaH8  actor: Helen Mirren
movieId: TaH8  actor: John Glover
movieId: TaH10  actor: Jessica Lange
movieId: TaH10  actor: Dennis Quaid
movieId: TaH15  actor: Chack Berry
movieId: TaH15  actor: Johnny Johnson
movieId: TaH15  actor: Keith Richards
movieId: TaH15  actor: Etta James
movieId: TaH15  actor: Eric Clapton
movieId: TaH15  actor: Robert Cray
movieId: TaH15  actor: Julian Lennon
movieId: TaH15  actor: Linda Ronstadt
movieId: TaH30  actor: Muhammed Ali
movieId: TaH30  actor: George Foreman
movieId: TaH30  actor: Joseph Mobuto
movieId: TaH30  actor: Don King
movieId: TaH30  actor: B.B. King
movieId: TaH30  actor: James Brown
movieId: TaH30  actor: Spike Lee
movieId: TaH30  actor: Norman Mailer
movieId: TaH30  actor: George Plimpton
movieId: TaH30  actor: Thomas Hauser
movieId: TaH32  actor: Keanu Reeves
movieId: TaH32  actor: Al Pacino
movieId: TaH32  actor: Don King
movieId: TaH32  actor: Al dAmato
movieId: TAn12  actor: s a
movieId: TAn12  actor: s a
movieId: TAn12  actor: s a
movieId: TAn16  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: TAn16  actor: s a
movieId: Tan20  actor: Gian Maria Volonte
movieId: Tan20  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: Tan21  actor: Bruno Ganz
movieId: Tan21  actor: s a
movieId: TAv1  actor: Cheech Marin
movieId: TAv1  actor: Thomas Chong
movieId: TAv1  actor: Rikki Marin
movieId: TAv1  actor: Shelby Chong
movieId: TAv1  actor: Rip Taylor
movieId: TAv1  actor: Evelyn Guerrero
movieId: TB34  actor: Lon Chaney
movieId: TB34  actor: Betty Compson
movieId: TB34  actor: James Murray
movieId: TB34  actor: Marceline Day
movieId: TB35  actor: Lon Chaney
movieId: TB35  actor: Marceline Day
movieId: TB35  actor: Conrad Nagel
movieId: TB35  actor: Henry B. Walthall
movieId: TB35  actor: Polly Moran
movieId: TB55  actor: Bela Lugosi
movieId: TB55  actor: David Manners
movieId: TB55  actor: Dwight Frye
movieId: TB55  actor: Edward VanSloan
movieId: TB55  actor: Frances Dade
movieId: TB55  actor: Helen Chandler
movieId: TB60  actor: Harry Earles
movieId: TB60  actor: Daisy Earles
movieId: TB60  actor: Olga Baclanova
movieId: TB60  actor: Henry Victor
movieId: TB60  actor: Wallace Ford
movieId: TB60  actor: Leila Hyams
movieId: TB60  actor: Roscoe Ates
movieId: TB60  actor: Violet Hilton
movieId: TB60  actor: Daisy Hilton
movieId: TB60  actor: Johnny Eck
movieId: TB60  actor: Prince Randian
movieId: TB60  actor: s a
movieId: TB60  actor: s a
movieId: TB60  actor: s a
movieId: TB67  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: TB67  actor: Jean Hersholt
movieId: TB67  actor: Elizabeth Allan
movieId: TB67  actor: Bela Lugosi
movieId: TB67  actor: Carol Borland
movieId: TB67  actor: Lionel Atwill
movieId: TB67  actor: Donald Meek
movieId: TB70  actor: Grace Ford
movieId: TB70  actor: Arthur Hohl
movieId: TBe1  actor: Randy Ingerman
movieId: TBe1  actor: Paget Brewster
movieId: TBi10  actor: Nicky Henson
movieId: TBi10  actor: Frances Tomelty
movieId: TBi10  actor: s a
movieId: TBi10  actor: s a
movieId: TBi10  actor: s a
movieId: TBl10  actor: Chris Makepeace
movieId: TBl10  actor: Martin Mull
movieId: TBl10  actor: Ruth Gordon
movieId: TBl10  actor: Adam Baldwin
movieId: TBl10  actor: Matt Dillon
movieId: TBl15  actor: Dudley Moore
movieId: TBl15  actor: Mary Tyler Moore
movieId: TBl15  actor: Katherine Healy
movieId: TBl20  actor: Christian Slater
movieId: TBl20  actor: Marisa Tomei
movieId: TBl20  actor: Rosie Perez
movieId: TBl21  actor: Kathy Bates
movieId: TBl21  actor: Edward Furlong
movieId: TBN10  actor: Martha Plimpton
movieId: TBN10  actor: Kevin Anderson
movieId: TBN10  actor: Hal Holbrook
movieId: TBr10  actor: Sissy Spacek
movieId: TBr10  actor: Anna Chlumsky
movieId: TBr10  actor: Aaron Michael Metchik
movieId: TBr10  actor: Asher Metchik
movieId: TBr10  actor: Maureen Stapleton
movieId: TBr10  actor: Andre the Giant
movieId: TBs2  actor: Stefania Sandrelli
movieId: TBs4  actor: Serena Grandi
movieId: TBs6  actor: Nicola Warren
movieId: TBs6  actor: Francesca Dellera
movieId: TBs8  actor: Pascal Audret
movieId: TBs10  actor: Ewa Aulin
movieId: TBs12  actor: Silvana Mangano
movieId: TBs14  actor: Anita Sanders
movieId: TBs16  actor: Tina Aumont
movieId: TBs20  actor: Helmut Berger
movieId: TBs20  actor: Ingrid Thulin
movieId: TBs20  actor: Therese Ann Savoy
movieId: TBs28  actor: Vanessa Redgrave
movieId: TBs40  actor: Malcolm McDowell
movieId: TBs40  actor: Teresa Ann Savoy
movieId: TBs40  actor: Helen Mirren
movieId: TBs40  actor: Peter OToole
movieId: TBs40  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: TBs40  actor: Guido Mannari
movieId: TBs46  actor: Adriana Asti
movieId: TBs48  actor: Raffaella Baracchi
movieId: TBs50  actor: s a
movieId: TBs50  actor: Bridget Fonda
movieId: TBs50  actor: Gloria Rodrigues
movieId: TBs50  actor: Valerie Hobson
movieId: TBs50  actor: s a
movieId: TBs50  actor: s a
movieId: TBs50  actor: s a
movieId: TBu10  actor: Mel Gibson
movieId: TBu10  actor: John Phillip Law
movieId: TBu10  actor: John Waters
movieId: TBu10  actor: Sam Neill
movieId: TCh1  actor: Cheech Marin
movieId: TCh1  actor: Thomas Chong
movieId: TCh1  actor: Stacy Keach
movieId: TCh2  actor: Cheech Marin
movieId: TCh2  actor: Thomas Chong
movieId: TCh2  actor: Evelyn Guerrero
movieId: TCh2  actor: Betty Kennedy
movieId: TCh2  actor: Sy Kramer
movieId: TCh3  actor: Cheech Marin
movieId: TCh3  actor: Thomas Chong
movieId: TCh3  actor: Stacy Keach
movieId: TCh4  actor: Dan Aykroyd
movieId: TCh4  actor: John Candy
movieId: TCh4  actor: Cheech Marin
movieId: TCh4  actor: Thomas Chong
movieId: TCh4  actor: Gilda Radner
movieId: TCh5  actor: Cheech Marin
movieId: TCh5  actor: Thomas Chong
movieId: TCh6  actor: Cheech Marin
movieId: TCh6  actor: Thomas Chong
movieId: TCl10  actor: Roger Daltrey
movieId: TCl10  actor: Adam Faith
movieId: TCl10  actor: Cheryl Campbell
movieId: TCn10  actor: Jeff Lau
movieId: TCr10  actor: Peter Gallagher
movieId: TCr10  actor: Isabella Rosselini
movieId: TCr10  actor: John Reilly
movieId: TDa10  actor: CB4
movieId: TDa10  actor: Charlie Murphy
movieId: TDa10  actor: Phil Hartman
movieId: TDa10  actor: Allan Payne
movieId: TDa10  actor: Deezer D.
movieId: TDa10  actor: Chris Elliott
movieId: TDa10  actor: A.Khandi Alexander
movieId: TDa11  actor: Adam Sandler
movieId: TDa11  actor: Darren McGavin
movieId: TDa11  actor: Josh Mostel
movieId: TDa11  actor: Bradley Whitford
movieId: TDa11  actor: Bridgette Wilson
movieId: TdC9  actor: Brad Pitt
movieId: TdC11  actor: John Turturro
movieId: TdC11  actor: Sam Rockwell
movieId: TdC11  actor: Kathyn Keenan
movieId: TdC15  actor: John Turturro
movieId: TdC15  actor: Sam Rockwell
movieId: TdC15  actor: Mischa Barton
movieId: TDe14  actor: Timothy Hutton
movieId: TDe14  actor: Matt Dillon
movieId: TDe14  actor: Michael Rappaport
movieId: TDe14  actor: Noah Emmerich
movieId: TDe14  actor: Uma Thurman
movieId: TDe14  actor: Mira Sorvino
movieId: TDe14  actor: Lauren Holly
movieId: TDe14  actor: Rosie ODonnell
movieId: TDe14  actor: Max Perlich
movieId: TDe14  actor: Martha Plimpton
movieId: TDe14  actor: Natalie Portman
movieId: TDe18  actor: Dennis Leary
movieId: TDe18  actor: Colm Meany
movieId: TDe18  actor: Ian Hart
movieId: TDe18  actor: Billy Crudup
movieId: TDe18  actor: Famke Janssen
movieId: TDe19  actor: Eddie Murphy
movieId: TDe19  actor: Martin Lawrence
movieId: TDS10  actor: Linda Blair
movieId: TDS10  actor: Vincent VanPatten
movieId: TDS10  actor: Suki Goodwin
movieId: TDS15  actor: Jill StJohn
movieId: TDS15  actor: Tracy Bergman
movieId: TDS15  actor: Barbara Luna
movieId: TDv10  actor: Freda Dowie
movieId: TDv10  actor: Pete Postlewhite
movieId: TDv10  actor: Angela Walsh
movieId: TDv10  actor: Dean Williams
movieId: TeB10  actor: Peter Coyote
movieId: TeB10  actor: Mel Smith
movieId: TeB10  actor: Billie Whitelaw
movieId: TeB10  actor: Phillip Sayer
movieId: TeW10  actor: Harold Lloyd
movieId: TeW10  actor: Chris Elliott
movieId: TeW15  actor: Harold Lloyd
movieId: TeW15  actor: Jim Riggs
movieId: TFd1  actor: Nick Stahl
movieId: TFd1  actor: Sissy Spacek
movieId: TFd1  actor: Marisa Tomei
movieId: TFd1  actor: Tom Wilkinson
movieId: TFd1  actor: William Mapother
movieId: TFd1  actor: William Wise
movieId: TFd1  actor: Clelia Weston
movieId: TFg1  actor: Chris Leavins
movieId: TFg1  actor: Joel S. Keller
movieId: TFg1  actor: Kerry Fox
movieId: TFi8  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: TFi8  actor: Hazel Court
movieId: TFi8  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: TFi8  actor: Valeree Grant
movieId: TFi8  actor: Robert Urquhart
movieId: TFi9  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: TFi9  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: TFi9  actor: Melissa Stribling
movieId: TFi9  actor: Carol Marsh
movieId: TFi9  actor: Michael Gough
movieId: TFi9  actor: John vanEyssen
movieId: TFi9  actor: Valerie Gaunt
movieId: TFi9  actor: Miles Malleson
movieId: TFi9  actor: Brad Starr
movieId: TFi9  actor: s a
movieId: TFi10  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: TFI10  actor: Andr\'e Morell
movieId: TFi10  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: TFi11  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: TFi11  actor: Thorley Walters
movieId: TFi11  actor: Senta Berger
movieId: TFi12  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: TFi12  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: TFi12  actor: Yvonne Furneaux
movieId: TFi12  actor: Yvonne Furneaux
movieId: TFi12  actor: Eddie Byrne
movieId: TFi12  actor: Felix Aylmer
movieId: TFi12  actor: Raymond Huntley
movieId: TFi12  actor: John Stuart
movieId: TFi12  actor: George Pastell
movieId: TFi15  actor: David Peel
movieId: TFi15  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: TFi15  actor: Yvonne Monlaur
movieId: TFi15  actor: Freda Jackson
movieId: TFi15  actor: Martita Hunt
movieId: TFi15  actor: s a
movieId: TFi20  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: TFi20  actor: Heather Sears
movieId: TFi20  actor: Edward deSouza
movieId: TFi20  actor: Thorley Walters
movieId: TFi20  actor: Michael Gough
movieId: TFi20  actor: s a
movieId: TFi20  actor: Ian Wilson
movieId: TFi20  actor: Martin Miller
movieId: TFi20  actor: John Harvey
movieId: TFi20  actor: Miriam Karlin
movieId: TFi24  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: TFi24  actor: Christopher lee
movieId: TFi24  actor: Barbara Shelley
movieId: TFi24  actor: Richard Pasco
movieId: TFi24  actor: Patrick Throughton
movieId: TFi30  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: TFi30  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: TFi30  actor: sa
movieId: TFi30  actor: Barbara Shelley
movieId: TFi30  actor: Thorley Walters
movieId: TFi30  actor: s a
movieId: TFi30  actor: Andrew Kier
movieId: TFi30  actor: Francis Mathews
movieId: TFi30  actor: Susan Farmer
movieId: TFi33  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: TFi33  actor: Thorley Walters
movieId: TFi33  actor: Susan Denberg
movieId: TFi33  actor: Robert Morris
movieId: TFi33  actor: Duncan Lamont
movieId: TFi35  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: TFi35  actor: Simon Ward
movieId: TFi35  actor: Veronica Carlson
movieId: TFi35  actor: Freddie Jones
movieId: TFi40  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: TFi40  actor: David Prowse
movieId: TFi40  actor: Bernard Lee
movieId: TFi40  actor: Shane Briant
movieId: TFi40  actor: Madeleine Smith
movieId: TFy10  actor: Jon Tenney
movieId: TFy10  actor: John C. McGinley
movieId: TFy10  actor: Tom Sizemore
movieId: TFy10  actor: Peter Gallagher
movieId: TFy10  actor: Cynthia Stevenson
movieId: TFy10  actor: Lili Taylor
movieId: TG8  actor: William Powell
movieId: TG8  actor: Kay Francis
movieId: TG8  actor: Warren Hymer
movieId: TG8  actor: Aline MacMahon
movieId: TG8  actor: Frank McHugh
movieId: TG11  actor: Rosalind Russell
movieId: TG11  actor: Jean Harlow
movieId: TG11  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: TG11  actor: Wallace Beery
movieId: TG11  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: TG11  actor: Robert Benchley
movieId: TG11  actor: Dudley Digges
movieId: TG11  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: TG11  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: TG11  actor: Donald Meek
movieId: TG11  actor: Edward Brophy
movieId: TG15  actor: Leslie Howard
movieId: TG15  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: TG15  actor: Joan Blondell
movieId: TG15  actor: Alan Mowbray
movieId: TG15  actor: Marla Shelton
movieId: TG15  actor: C.Henry Gordon
movieId: TG15  actor: Jack Carson
movieId: TG15  actor: Tully Marshall
movieId: TG15  actor: J.C. Nugent
movieId: TG19  actor: David Niven
movieId: TG19  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: TG19  actor: Broderick Crawford
movieId: TG19  actor: Hugh Herbert
movieId: TG19  actor: Billie Burke
movieId: TG19  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: TG19  actor: Raymond Walburn
movieId: TG19  actor: Zasu Pitts
movieId: TG19  actor: Virginia Field
movieId: TG19  actor: Eve Arden
movieId: TG19  actor: Herman the Rabbitt
movieId: TG20  actor: Joan Bennett
movieId: TG20  actor: Frederic March
movieId: TG20  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: TG20  actor: Ann Sothern
movieId: TG20  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: TG20  actor: Thomas Mitchell
movieId: TG20  actor: Robert Elliott
movieId: TG21  actor: Marlene Dietrich
movieId: TG21  actor: John Wayne
movieId: TG21  actor: Albert Dekker
movieId: TG21  actor: Broderick Crawford
movieId: TG21  actor: Anna Lee
movieId: TG21  actor: Mischa Auer
movieId: TG21  actor: Oscar Homolka
movieId: TG21  actor: Billy Gilbert
movieId: TG21  actor: Samuel S. Hinds
movieId: TG22  actor: Matha Scott
movieId: TG22  actor: William Gargan
movieId: TG22  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: TG22  actor: Sterling Holloway
movieId: TG22  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: TG27  actor: Greer Garson
movieId: TG27  actor: Walter Pidgeon
movieId: TG27  actor: Agnes Morrehead
movieId: TG27  actor: Edward Arnold
movieId: TG30  actor: Lana Turner
movieId: TG30  actor: John Garfield
movieId: TG30  actor: Cecil Kellaway
movieId: TG30  actor: Hume Cronyn
movieId: TG30  actor: Leon Ames
movieId: TG30  actor: Audrey Totter
movieId: TG30  actor: Alan Reed
movieId: TG32  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: TG32  actor: Cedric Hardwicke
movieId: TG32  actor: Rhonda Fleming
movieId: TG32  actor: William Bebdix
movieId: TG32  actor: Henry Wilcoxon
movieId: TG32  actor: Murvyn Vye
movieId: TG39  actor: Anthony Bushell
movieId: TG39  actor: Jean Lodge
movieId: TGA8  actor: Sergo Corrieri
movieId: TGA10  actor: Jorge Perrugorria
movieId: TGA10  actor: Mirta Ibarra
movieId: TGA10  actor: Francisco Gatorno
movieId: TgD1  actor: G\"osta Ekman
movieId: TgD1  actor: Hans Alfredson
movieId: TgD1  actor: Margaretha Krook
movieId: TgD1  actor: Bernard Cribbins
movieId: TgD1  actor: Wilfred Brambell
movieId: TgD1  actor: Lenmart Nyman
movieId: TgD1  actor: Elisabeth S{\o}oderstrom
movieId: TgD1  actor: Birgitta Andersson
movieId: TgD1  actor: Magnus H\"arenstam
movieId: TgD1  actor: Sure Mangs
movieId: TGi1  actor: Eric Idle
movieId: TGi1  actor: John Cleese
movieId: TGi1  actor: Michael Palin
movieId: TGi1  actor: Graham Chapman
movieId: TGi1  actor: Terry Gilliam
movieId: TGi1  actor: Terry Jones
movieId: TGi2  actor: Michael Palin
movieId: TGi4  actor: John Cleese
movieId: TGi4  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: TGi4  actor: Ian Holm
movieId: TGi4  actor: Ralph Richardson
movieId: TGi4  actor: David Warner
movieId: TGi4  actor: Shelley Duvall
movieId: TGi4  actor: Katherine Helmond
movieId: TGi4  actor: Michael Palin
movieId: TGi4  actor: Peter Vaughan
movieId: TGi4  actor: David Rappaport
movieId: TGi5  actor: Jonathan Pryce
movieId: TGi5  actor: Kim Greist
movieId: TGi5  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: TGi5  actor: Kathleen Hellman
movieId: TGi5  actor: Ian Holm
movieId: TGi5  actor: Michael Palin
movieId: TGi5  actor: Ian Richardson
movieId: TGi5  actor: s a
movieId: TGi5  actor: Peter Vaughn
movieId: TGi5  actor: Bob Hoskins
movieId: TGi5  actor: Carmen Miranda
movieId: TGi6  actor: John Neville
movieId: TGi6  actor: Sarah Polley
movieId: TGi6  actor: Oliver Reed
movieId: TGi6  actor: Eric Idle
movieId: TGi6  actor: Jonathan Pryce
movieId: TGi6  actor: Valentina Cortesa
movieId: TGi6  actor: Valentina Cortesa
movieId: TGi6  actor: Charles McKeown
movieId: TGi6  actor: Charles McKeown
movieId: TGi6  actor: Winston Dennis
movieId: TGi6  actor: Winston Dennis
movieId: TGi6  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: TGi6  actor: Sting
movieId: TGi6  actor: Uma Thurman
movieId: TGi6  actor: Christopher Lambert
movieId: TGi7  actor: Jeff Bridges
movieId: TGi7  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: TGi7  actor: Mercedes Ruehl
movieId: TGi7  actor: Amanda Plummer
movieId: TGi7  actor: Dan Futterman
movieId: TGi7  actor: Tom Waits
movieId: TGi9  actor: Johnny Depp
movieId: TGi9  actor: Benicio delToro
movieId: TGr10  actor: Karen Young
movieId: TGr10  actor: Clayton Day
movieId: TGr10  actor: Suzie Humphries
movieId: TGt10  actor: Romai Duris
movieId: TGw10  actor: Diane Lane
movieId: TGw10  actor: Viggo Mortensen
movieId: TGw10  actor: Live Schreiber
movieId: TGw10  actor: Anna Paquin
movieId: TGw10  actor: Julie Kavner
movieId: TGw10  actor: Tovah Feldschuh
movieId: ThA10  actor: Sallie Blane
movieId: ThA10  actor: Charles Starrett
movieId: ThA10  actor: Hardie Allbright
movieId: ThA10  actor: William Farnum
movieId: ThA10  actor: Irving Pichel
movieId: ThA10  actor: Arthur Lake
movieId: ThA10  actor: Edgar Kennedy
movieId: ThB10  actor: E. Felton
movieId: ThB10  actor: Warwick Buckland
movieId: ThB10  actor: Mai Deacon
movieId: ThB30  actor: Pino Cont
movieId: ThB30  actor: William Lugg
movieId: ThB30  actor: Mabel Poulton
movieId: ThB55  actor: James Harcourt
movieId: ThB55  actor: Viola Leyel
movieId: Thb55  actor: Frank Pettingell
movieId: ThB70  actor: Hay Petrie
movieId: ThB70  actor: Ben Webster
movieId: ThB70  actor: Elaine Benson
movieId: ThC40  actor: Robert Sean Leonard
movieId: ThC40  actor: Christian Bale
movieId: ThC40  actor: Frank Whaley
movieId: ThC40  actor: Barbara Hershey
movieId: ThC40  actor: s a
movieId: ThD30  actor: Anton Walbrook
movieId: ThD30  actor: Diana Wynyard
movieId: ThD30  actor: Frank Pettingell
movieId: ThD30  actor: Cathleen Cordell
movieId: ThD30  actor: Robert Newton
movieId: ThD30  actor: Jimmy Hanley
movieId: ThD50  actor: Valentina Cortese
movieId: ThD50  actor: Audrey Hepburn
movieId: ThD50  actor: Serge Reggiani
movieId: ThD50  actor: Charles Goldner
movieId: ThD50  actor: Megs Jenkins
movieId: ThD50  actor: Irene Worth
movieId: ThD50  actor: Athene Seyler
movieId: ThD50  actor: Reginald Tate
movieId: ThE10  actor: s a
movieId: ThF5  actor: Eddie Kantor
movieId: ThF6  actor: Fanny Brice
movieId: ThF6  actor: Robert Armstrong
movieId: ThF11  actor: Dorothy Mackaill
movieId: ThF11  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: ThF11  actor: Jack Kennedy
movieId: ThF11  actor: Astrid Allwyn
movieId: ThF11  actor: Halliwell Hobbes
movieId: ThF11  actor: Barbara Leonard
movieId: ThF11  actor: Bradley Page
movieId: ThF11  actor: Dolores delRio
movieId: ThF15  actor: Gene Raymond
movieId: ThF15  actor: Raul Roulien
movieId: ThF15  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: ThF15  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: ThF15  actor: Blanche Frederici
movieId: ThF15  actor: Walter Walker
movieId: ThF15  actor: Etta Moten
movieId: ThF15  actor: Franklin Pangborn
movieId: ThF15  actor: Eric Blore
movieId: ThF15  actor: Paul Porcasi
movieId: ThF15  actor: Luis Alberni
movieId: ThF15  actor: Clarence Muse
movieId: ThF15  actor: Roy dArcy
movieId: ThF15  actor: Betty Furness
movieId: ThF17  actor: George White
movieId: ThF17  actor: Rudy Vallee
movieId: ThF17  actor: Alice Faye
movieId: ThF17  actor: Jimmy Durante
movieId: ThF17  actor: Dixie Dunbar
movieId: ThF17  actor: Adrienne Ames
movieId: ThF17  actor: Cliff Edwards
movieId: ThF17  actor: Arline judge
movieId: ThF25  actor: Robertson Hare
movieId: ThF25  actor: George Sanders
movieId: ThF25  actor: Berton Churchill
movieId: ThF25  actor: Fay Compton
movieId: ThF25  actor: Carla Lehmann
movieId: ThF25  actor: Stewart Granger
movieId: ThF25  actor: Ethel Revnell
movieId: ThF25  actor: Gracie West
movieId: THg25  actor: George Dzunda
movieId: THg25  actor: Demi Moore
movieId: THg25  actor: Jeff Daniels
movieId: THg25  actor: Mary Steenburgen
movieId: THg25  actor: Frances McDormand
movieId: THg25  actor: Margaret Collen
movieId: THg25  actor: Max Perlich
movieId: THg25  actor: Miriam Margolyes
movieId: THg25  actor: Christopher Durand
movieId: THg25  actor: Helen Hanft
movieId: ThI10  actor: Red Wing
movieId: ThI10  actor: Charles Inslee
movieId: ThI10  actor: Young Deer
movieId: ThI10  actor: J.Barney Sherry
movieId: ThI33  actor: Tsuru Aoki
movieId: ThI40  actor: Enid Markey
movieId: ThI40  actor: Howard Hickman
movieId: ThI40  actor: J.Barney Sherry
movieId: ThI65  actor: Francis Ford
movieId: ThI65  actor: William Eagle Shirt
movieId: ThI65  actor: Anna Little
movieId: ThI65  actor: Grace Cunard
movieId: ThI65  actor: J.Barney Sherry
movieId: ThI65  actor: Art Acord
movieId: THk10  actor: Tom Hanks
movieId: THk10  actor: Francis Steenburgen
movieId: THk10  actor: Sugar Ray Leonard
movieId: THk14  actor: Liv Taylor
movieId: THk14  actor: Tom Hanks
movieId: THk14  actor: sa
movieId: THk14  actor: Charlize Theron
movieId: THk14  actor: sa
movieId: THk14  actor: Everett Scott
movieId: THk14  actor: Charlie Theron
movieId: THk16  actor: Dan Lauria
movieId: THk16  actor: Stephen Root
movieId: THk16  actor: Peter Horton
movieId: THk16  actor: Tom Hanks
movieId: THk16  actor: Sally Field
movieId: THk16  actor: Rita Wilson
movieId: THk16  actor: Grant Shaud
movieId: THk16  actor: Tony Goldwyn
movieId: THk16  actor: Diana Scarwid
movieId: THk16  actor: Cary Elwes
movieId: THk16  actor: Mark Harmon
movieId: THk16  actor: Chris Isaak
movieId: THk16  actor: Ann Magnuson
movieId: THk16  actor: Tim Daly
movieId: THk16  actor: Lane Smith
movieId: THk16  actor: Al Franken
movieId: THk16  actor: s a
movieId: THk16  actor: s a
movieId: THk16  actor: s a
movieId: THk16  actor: James Rebhorn
movieId: THk16  actor: s a
movieId: THk16  actor: Peter Scolari
movieId: THk16  actor: Walter Cronkite
movieId: THo10  actor: Chris Sarandon
movieId: THo10  actor: William Ragsdale
movieId: THo20  actor: Luke Edwards
movieId: THo20  actor: Fred Savage
movieId: THo20  actor: Jenny Lewis
movieId: THo20  actor: Beau Bridges
movieId: THo20  actor: Will Seltzer
movieId: ThR10  actor: Jackie Cooper
movieId: ThR10  actor: Eddie Bracken
movieId: ThR10  actor: Betty Field
movieId: THu10  actor: Daniel Roebuck
movieId: THu10  actor: s a
movieId: THu10  actor: Crispin Glover
movieId: THu10  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: THu10  actor: Joshua Miller
movieId: THu10  actor: Keanu Reeves
movieId: THu10  actor: Ione Sykes
movieId: THu10  actor: Jim Metzler
movieId: THu13  actor: Matt Dillon
movieId: THu13  actor: Jim Metzler
movieId: THu13  actor: Meg Tilly
movieId: THu13  actor: Bill McKinney
movieId: THu13  actor: Frances Lee McCain
movieId: THu13  actor: Ben Johnson
movieId: THu13  actor: Emilio Estevez
movieId: THu13  actor: Phil Brock
movieId: THu25  actor: Rick Rossotich
movieId: THu25  actor: Doug Savata
movieId: THu25  actor: Julie Carmen
movieId: THu25  actor: Martin Landau
movieId: THu25  actor: Jason Bernard
movieId: THu25  actor: Sally Kirkland
movieId: THu25  actor: Peter Frechette
movieId: THu25  actor: Monique vandeVen
movieId: THu25  actor: John Fujioka
movieId: THu25  actor: Lang Yum
movieId: THu25  actor: Claudia Robinson
movieId: THu25  actor: Mike Kimmel
movieId: THu30  actor: Melissa Gilbert
movieId: THu30  actor: Richard Farnsworth
movieId: THu30  actor: Michael Schoeffling
movieId: THu30  actor: Constance Towers
movieId: ThS4  actor: Mike Myers
movieId: ThS4  actor: Mike Myers
movieId: ThS4  actor: Nancy Travis
movieId: ThS4  actor: Anthony LaPaglia
movieId: ThS4  actor: Phil Hartman
movieId: ThS4  actor: Charles Grodin
movieId: ThS4  actor: Alan Arkin
movieId: ThS4  actor: Brenda Fricker
movieId: ThS4  actor: Amanda Plummer
movieId: ThS6  actor: John Goodman
movieId: ThS6  actor: Bob Gunton
movieId: ThS6  actor: Matt Craven
movieId: ThS6  actor: Jeff Perry
movieId: ThS6  actor: Anne Hecht
movieId: ThS6  actor: Ann Dowd
movieId: THy10  actor: Edith Meeks
movieId: THy10  actor: James Lyons
movieId: THy10  actor: Scott Renderer
movieId: THy10  actor: Susan Norman
movieId: THy10  actor: Larry Maxwell
movieId: THy14  actor: Jullianne Moore
movieId: TiB1  actor: Paul Reubens
movieId: TiB1  actor: Jan Hooks
movieId: TiB1  actor: Mark Holson
movieId: TiB1  actor: Judd Omen
movieId: TiB1  actor: Elizabeth Daily
movieId: TiB1  actor: Tony Bell
movieId: TiB1  actor: Alice Nunn
movieId: TiB1  actor: Diane Salinger
movieId: TiB1  actor: James Brolin
movieId: TiB1  actor: Morgan Fairchild
movieId: TiB5  actor: Alec Baldwin
movieId: TiB5  actor: Geena Davis
movieId: TiB5  actor: Jeffrey Jones
movieId: TiB5  actor: Catherine OHara
movieId: TiB5  actor: Winona Ryder
movieId: TiB5  actor: Sylvia Sidney
movieId: TiB5  actor: Michael Keaton
movieId: TiB5  actor: Robert Goulet
movieId: TiB5  actor: Dick Cavett
movieId: TiB5  actor: Glen Shadix
movieId: TiB5  actor: Arnie McEnroe
movieId: TiB5  actor: Tony Cox
movieId: TiB5  actor: Patrice Martinez
movieId: TiB5  actor: Sylvia Sidney
movieId: TiB6  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: TiB6  actor: Michael Keaton
movieId: TiB6  actor: Kim Basinger
movieId: TiB6  actor: Robert Wuhl
movieId: TiB6  actor: Jerry Hall
movieId: TiB6  actor: Pat Hingle
movieId: TiB6  actor: Billy Dee Williams
movieId: TiB6  actor: Michael Gough
movieId: TiB6  actor: Jack Palance
movieId: TiB6  actor: s a
movieId: TiB6  actor: Billy Dee Williams
movieId: TiB8  actor: Johnny Depp
movieId: TiB8  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: TiB8  actor: Dianne Wiest
movieId: TiB8  actor: Alan Arkin
movieId: TiB8  actor: Winona Ryder
movieId: TiB8  actor: Anthony Michael Hall
movieId: TiB12  actor: Michael Keaton
movieId: TiB12  actor: Danny deVito
movieId: TiB12  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: TiB12  actor: Tim Burton
movieId: TiB12  actor: Christopher Walken
movieId: TiB12  actor: Val Kilmer
movieId: TiB12  actor: Chris Odonnell
movieId: TiB12  actor: Nicole Kidman
movieId: TiB14  actor: Johnny Depp
movieId: TiB14  actor: Bill Murray
movieId: TiB14  actor: Sarah Jessica Parker
movieId: TiB14  actor: Jeffrey Jones
movieId: TiB14  actor: Martin Landau
movieId: TiB17  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: TiB17  actor: Glenn Close
movieId: TiB17  actor: Annette Benning
movieId: TiB17  actor: Pierce Brosnan
movieId: TiB17  actor: Danny deVito
movieId: TiB17  actor: Martin Short
movieId: TiB17  actor: Sarah Jessica Parker
movieId: TiB17  actor: Michael J. Fox
movieId: TiB17  actor: Rod Steiger
movieId: TiB17  actor: Tom Jones
movieId: TiB17  actor: Lukas Haas
movieId: TiB17  actor: Jim Brown
movieId: TiB17  actor: Natalie Portman
movieId: TiB17  actor: Lisa Marie
movieId: TiB17  actor: Sylvia Sidney
movieId: TiB17  actor: Pam Grier
movieId: TiB20  actor: Johnny Depp
movieId: TiG12  actor: Michael Palin
movieId: TiG12  actor: Max Wall
movieId: TiG12  actor: Deborah Fallender
movieId: TiG15  actor: Ian Holm
movieId: TiG15  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: TiG15  actor: John Cleese
movieId: TiG15  actor: Shelley Duvall
movieId: TiG15  actor: Ralph Richardson
movieId: TiH10  actor: Evan Rachel
movieId: TiH10  actor: Kevin Bacon
movieId: TiH10  actor: Mary Stuart Masterson
movieId: TiH10  actor: Cathy Moriarty
movieId: TJe10  actor: Bryan Brown
movieId: TJe10  actor: John Hargreaves
movieId: TJk10  actor: Natasha Lyonne
movieId: TJk10  actor: Alan Arkin
movieId: TKa10  actor: James Earl Jones
movieId: TKa10  actor: Richard Boone
movieId: TKa10  actor: Sonny Chiba
movieId: TKa10  actor: Frank Converse
movieId: TKg10  actor: Machiko Kyo
movieId: TKg10  actor: Kazuo Hasegawa
movieId: Tki7  actor: Takeshi Kitano
movieId: Tki7  actor: s a
movieId: TKo10  actor: Jane Fonda
movieId: TKo10  actor: George Segal
movieId: TKo10  actor: Ed McMahon
movieId: TKo15  actor: Mac Davis
movieId: TKo15  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: TKo15  actor: Charles Durning
movieId: TKo15  actor: Bo Swenson
movieId: TKo19  actor: Michael OKeefe
movieId: TKo19  actor: Peter Fonda
movieId: TKo19  actor: Karen Allen
movieId: TKo19  actor: James Woods
movieId: TKo20  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: TKo20  actor: Richard Crenna
movieId: TKo20  actor: Brian Dehenny
movieId: TKo20  actor: David Caruso
movieId: TKo20  actor: Jack Starrett
movieId: TKo22  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: TKo22  actor: Robert Stack
movieId: TKo22  actor: Reb Brown
movieId: TKo22  actor: Fred Ward
movieId: TKo22  actor: Reb Brown
movieId: TKo22  actor: Randall Cobb
movieId: TKo22  actor: Patrick Swayze
movieId: TLo10  actor: Malcolm McDowell
movieId: TLo10  actor: Grace Zabriskie
movieId: TLW1  actor: Richard Crenna
movieId: TLW1  actor: Rachel Ward
movieId: TLW1  actor: Hart Bochner
movieId: TLW1  actor: James Brolin
movieId: TLW1  actor: Diedre Hall
movieId: TLW1  actor: John Kaplosi
movieId: TLW5  actor: Josef Odin
movieId: TLW5  actor: Patricia Arquette
movieId: TLW5  actor: s a
movieId: TLW5  actor: s a
movieId: TLW5  actor: Don Levitt
movieId: TMa1  actor: Martin Sheen
movieId: TMa1  actor: Sissy Spacek
movieId: TMa1  actor: Ramon Bieri
movieId: TMa1  actor: Warren Oates
movieId: TMa10  actor: Brooke Adams
movieId: TMa10  actor: Richard Gere
movieId: TMa10  actor: Sam Shepard
movieId: TMa10  actor: Linda Manz
movieId: TMa11  actor: Adrian Brody
movieId: TMa11  actor: Sean Penn
movieId: TMa11  actor: Jim Caviezel
movieId: TMa11  actor: Ben Chaplin
movieId: TMa11  actor: John Cusack
movieId: TMa11  actor: Woody Harrelson
movieId: TMa11  actor: John C. Reilly
movieId: TMa11  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: TMa11  actor: John Savage
movieId: TMa11  actor: George Clooney
movieId: TMa11  actor: John Travolta
movieId: TMe10  actor: James Woods
movieId: TMk10  actor: s a
movieId: TMk10  actor: s a
movieId: TmM1  actor: Dan Ackroyd
movieId: TmM1  actor: Tom Hanks
movieId: TmM1  actor: Christopher Plummer
movieId: TmM1  actor: Harry Morgan
movieId: TmM1  actor: Jack O'Halloran
movieId: TmM1  actor: Dabney Coleman
movieId: TmM1  actor: Alexandra Paul
movieId: TmM1  actor: Elizabeth Ashley
movieId: TmM1  actor: Bruce Gary
movieId: TmM1  actor: Lenka Peterson
movieId: TmM1  actor: Christopher Mankiewicz
movieId: TmM1  actor: Peter Ackoyd
movieId: TMo10  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: TMo11  actor: Sidney Toler
movieId: TMt10  actor: Tom Beringer
movieId: TMt10  actor: Ron Silver
movieId: TMt10  actor: Alice Krige
movieId: TMt10  actor: Arye Gross
movieId: TMt10  actor: Al Waxman
movieId: TMt10  actor: Clancy Brown
movieId: TMt10  actor: s a
movieId: TMy10  actor: Michael York
movieId: TMy10  actor: Jenny Agutter
movieId: TMy10  actor: Simon MacCorkindale
movieId: TMy10  actor: Alan Badel
movieId: TMy10  actor: Jurgen Andersen
movieId: TNa10  actor: Misa Shimuzu
movieId: TNa10  actor: Takeo Makahara
movieId: TNa10  actor: Takehiro Murata
movieId: TNa10  actor: s a
movieId: TnM10  actor: Nathalie Baye
movieId: TnM10  actor: Audrey Tatou
movieId: TnM10  actor: s a
movieId: TNu3  actor: Glenda Jackson
movieId: TNu3  actor: Peter Eyre
movieId: TNu3  actor: Timothy West
movieId: TNu3  actor: Jennie Linden
movieId: TNu3  actor: Patrick Stewart
movieId: TNu10  actor: Warren Sayre
movieId: TNu10  actor: John Wood
movieId: TNu10  actor: Helena Bonham Carter
movieId: TNu10  actor: Cary Elwes
movieId: TNu10  actor: Patrick Stewart
movieId: TNu15  actor: Helena BonhamCarter
movieId: TNu15  actor: Richard E. Grant
movieId: TNu15  actor: Nigel Hawthorne
movieId: TNu15  actor: Ben Kingsley
movieId: TNu15  actor: Mel Smith
movieId: TNu15  actor: Imelda Staunton
movieId: TNu15  actor: Toby Stevens
movieId: TNu15  actor: Imogen Stubbs
movieId: ToC10  actor: Joshua Miller
movieId: ToC10  actor: Edan Gross
movieId: ToC10  actor: Marcia Strassman
movieId: ToC10  actor: Sam Behrens
movieId: ToG3  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: ToG3  actor: Joan Hackett
movieId: ToG3  actor: Donald Pleasence
movieId: ToG3  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: ToG3  actor: Ben Johnson
movieId: ToG3  actor: Slim Pickens
movieId: ToG3  actor: Anthony Zerbe
movieId: ToG3  actor: Lee Majors
movieId: ToG6  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: ToG6  actor: Tina Chen
movieId: ToG6  actor: Geraldine Chaplin
movieId: ToG6  actor: John Philip Law
movieId: ToG6  actor: Alec McCowen
movieId: ToG6  actor: Mako
movieId: ToG6  actor: Ann Knight
movieId: ToG6  actor: Lyle Bettger
movieId: ToG6  actor: Keye Luke
movieId: ToG8  actor: Alan Alda
movieId: ToG8  actor: Billy Dee Williams
movieId: ToG8  actor: Vic Morrow
movieId: ToG8  actor: Dean Jagger
movieId: ToG8  actor: Clu Gulager
movieId: ToG9  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: ToG9  actor: Jennifer ONeill
movieId: ToG9  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: ToG9  actor: Patrick Macgee
movieId: ToG10  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: ToG10  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: ToG10  actor: Jill Ireland
movieId: ToG10  actor: John Huston
movieId: ToG10  actor: Randy Quaid
movieId: ToG15  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: ToG15  actor: Jill Ireland
movieId: ToG15  actor: Charles Durning
movieId: ToG15  actor: Robert Crenna
movieId: ToG15  actor: Ben Johnson
movieId: ToG20  actor: Ben Gazzara
movieId: ToG20  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: ToG20  actor: Leslie Caron
movieId: ToG20  actor: Lee Remick
movieId: ToG22  actor: Muhammed Ali
movieId: ToG22  actor: Ernest Borgnine
movieId: ToG22  actor: John Marley
movieId: ToG22  actor: Lloyd Hanes
movieId: ToH1  actor: Marilyn Burns
movieId: ToH1  actor: Alan Danziger
movieId: ToH1  actor: Paul A. Partain
movieId: ToH1  actor: William Vail
movieId: ToH10  actor: Neville Brand
movieId: ToH10  actor: Mel Ferrer
movieId: ToH10  actor: Carolyn Jones
movieId: ToH10  actor: Marilyn Burns
movieId: ToH10  actor: William Finley
movieId: ToH10  actor: Stuart Whitman
movieId: ToH20  actor: Craig T. Nelson
movieId: ToH20  actor: JoBeth Williams
movieId: ToH20  actor: Beatrice Straight
movieId: ToH20  actor: Dominique Dunne
movieId: ToH20  actor: Oliver Robbins
movieId: ToH26  actor: Mathilda May
movieId: ToH26  actor: Steve Railsback
movieId: ToH30  actor: Karen Black
movieId: ToH30  actor: Hunter Carson
movieId: ToH30  actor: Timothy Bottoms
movieId: ToH30  actor: Louise Fletcher
movieId: ToH30  actor: Bud Cort
movieId: ToH40  actor: Robert Englund
movieId: ToK1  actor: Craig Chester
movieId: ToK1  actor: Daniel Schlachet
movieId: ToL1  actor: Tom Laughlin
movieId: ToL1  actor: Elizabeth James
movieId: ToL1  actor: Jane Russell
movieId: ToL10  actor: Tom Laughlin
movieId: ToL10  actor: Delores Taylor
movieId: ToL10  actor: Bert Freed
movieId: ToL10  actor: Clark Howard
movieId: ToL10  actor: Julie Webb
movieId: ToL10  actor: Ken Tobey
movieId: ToN10  actor: Tom Noonan
movieId: ToN10  actor: Karen Sillas
movieId: ToP1  actor: Ben Kingsley
movieId: ToP1  actor: Terence Right
movieId: ToSl  actor: Catherine Deneuve
movieId: ToS1  actor: David Bowie
movieId: ToSl  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: ToSl  actor: Cliff deYoung
movieId: ToS5  actor: Tom Cruise
movieId: ToS5  actor: McGillis
movieId: ToS5  actor: Val Kilmer
movieId: ToS5  actor: Tom Skerrit
movieId: ToS5  actor: Anthony Edwards
movieId: ToS10  actor: Tom Cruise
movieId: ToS10  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: ToS10  actor: Randy Quaid
movieId: ToS10  actor: Nicole Kidman
movieId: ToS10  actor: Cary Elwes
movieId: ToS12  actor: Eddie Murphy
movieId: ToS12  actor: Judge Reinhold
movieId: ToS12  actor: Brigitte Nielsen
movieId: ToS12  actor: Carrie Leigh
movieId: ToS12  actor: Venice Kong
movieId: ToS12  actor: Teal Roberts
movieId: ToS12  actor: Peggy Sands
movieId: ToS12  actor: Paul Reiser
movieId: ToS12  actor: Gilbert Gottfried
movieId: ToS15  actor: Christian Slater
movieId: ToS15  actor: Patricia Arquette
movieId: ToS15  actor: Gary Oldman
movieId: ToS15  actor: Christopher Walken
movieId: ToS15  actor: Saul Rubinek
movieId: ToS21  actor: Denzel Washington
movieId: ToS21  actor: GeorgeDzunda
movieId: ToS21  actor: James Gandolfini
movieId: ToS21  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: ToS21  actor: Matt Craven
movieId: ToS21  actor: Viggo Mortensen
movieId: ToS21  actor: Vic Schroeder
movieId: ToS21  actor: s a
movieId: ToS21  actor: Vanesa Bell Calloway
movieId: ToS21  actor: s a
movieId: ToS21  actor: Chris Ellis
movieId: ToS21  actor: s a
movieId: ToS23  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: ToS23  actor: Wesley Snipes
movieId: ToS23  actor: Ellen Barkin
movieId: ToS23  actor: John Leguizamo
movieId: ToS23  actor: Benicio delToro
movieId: ToS25  actor: Will Smith
movieId: ToS25  actor: Jon Voight
movieId: ToS29  actor: Brad Pitt
movieId: ToS29  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: ToT10  actor: Raymond Burr
movieId: ToT10  actor: Akira Takarada
movieId: ToT10  actor: Takashi Shimura
movieId: ToZ10  actor: Sybil Danning
movieId: ToZ10  actor: Colleen Camp
movieId: ToZ10  actor: Frank deKova
movieId: ToZ10  actor: Tony Bova
movieId: ToZ20  actor: Peter Graves
movieId: ToZ20  actor: Cameron Mitchell
movieId: ToZ20  actor: Albert Salmi
movieId: TPa10  actor: Trey Parker
movieId: TPa10  actor: David Dunn
movieId: TPa10  actor: Dian Bachar
movieId: TPa10  actor: Robin Lynne Raab
movieId: TPa10  actor: Michael Dean Jacobs
movieId: TPa10  actor: s a
movieId: TPa10  actor: Ron Jeremy
movieId: TPo8  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: TPo8  actor: Inger Stevens
movieId: TPo8  actor: Ed Begley
movieId: TPo8  actor: Pat Hingle
movieId: TPo8  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: TPo8  actor: Ruth White
movieId: TPo8  actor: Ben Johnson
movieId: TPo8  actor: Charles McGraw
movieId: TPo8  actor: Bob Steele
movieId: TPo8  actor: Arlene Golonka
movieId: TPo8  actor: James MacArthur
movieId: TPo8  actor: Alan Hale~jr.
movieId: TPo8  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: TPo12  actor: James Whitmore
movieId: TPo12  actor: Tippi Hedren
movieId: TPo12  actor: Don Johnson
movieId: TPo12  actor: Laurie Walters
movieId: TPo12  actor: Robert Middleton
movieId: TPo12  actor: Bruno Kirby
movieId: TPo12  actor: Elliot Street
movieId: TPo12  actor: Sharon Taggart
movieId: TPo12  actor: Victoria Thompson
movieId: TPo13  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: TPo13  actor: Hal Holbrook
movieId: TPo13  actor: Mitch Ryan
movieId: TPo13  actor: David Soul
movieId: TPo13  actor: Felton Perry
movieId: TPo13  actor: Robert Urich
movieId: TPo13  actor: Tim Matheson
movieId: TPo13  actor: Suzanne Somers
movieId: TPo14  actor: Ruth Roman
movieId: TPo14  actor: Anjanette Comer
movieId: TPo14  actor: Mariana Hill
movieId: TPo14  actor: Suzanne Zenor
movieId: TPo14  actor: David Manzy
movieId: TPo16  actor: Laurie Walters
movieId: TPo16  actor: Bruno Kirby
movieId: TPo16  actor: Patricia Rohmer
movieId: TPo16  actor: Victoria Thompson
movieId: TPo20  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: TPo20  actor: Craig Wasson
movieId: TPo20  actor: Marc Singer
movieId: TPo21  actor: Chuck Norris
movieId: TPo21  actor: James Franciscus
movieId: TPo21  actor: Anne Archer
movieId: TPo21  actor: Dana Andrews
movieId: TPo21  actor: Jim Backus
movieId: TPo24  actor: Charlene Tilton
movieId: TPo24  actor: Dick VanPatten
movieId: TPo24  actor: Katherine Helmond
movieId: TPo24  actor: Katy Kurtzman
movieId: TRb10  actor: Tim Robbins
movieId: TRb10  actor: Gore Vidal
movieId: TRb10  actor: Alan Rickman
movieId: TRb10  actor: Giancarlo Esposito
movieId: TRb10  actor: Brian Murray
movieId: TRb10  actor: Ray Wise
movieId: TRb16  actor: Sean Penn
movieId: TRb16  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: TRb16  actor: s a
movieId: TRb16  actor: s a
movieId: TRb16  actor: s a
movieId: TRb16  actor: Eddie Vedder
movieId: TRb16  actor: Gale Limansky
movieId: TRb16  actor: Sally Ann Roberts
movieId: TRb16  actor: s a
movieId: TRb19  actor: Hank Azaria
movieId: TRb19  actor: Rubin Blades
movieId: TRb19  actor: Joan Cusack
movieId: TRb19  actor: John Cusack
movieId: TRb19  actor: Cary Elwes
movieId: TRb19  actor: Philip Baker Hall
movieId: TRb19  actor: Angus MacFadyen
movieId: TRb19  actor: Bill Murray
movieId: TRb19  actor: Vanessa Redgrave
movieId: TRb19  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: TRb19  actor: Jon Turturro
movieId: TRb19  actor: Emily Watson
movieId: TRb19  actor: Cherry Jones
movieId: TRb19  actor: s a
movieId: TrH10  actor: Lu Man San
movieId: TrH10  actor: Tran Nu YenKhe
movieId: TrH10  actor: Nguyen Anh Hoa
movieId: TrH10  actor: Tran Ngoc Trung
movieId: TrH10  actor: Truong Thi Loc
movieId: TrH10  actor: Vuong Hoa Hoi
movieId: TrH15  actor: Le van Toc
movieId: TrJ10  actor: Eric Idle
movieId: TrJ10  actor: John Cleese
movieId: TrJ10  actor: Michael Palin
movieId: TrJ10  actor: Terry Jones
movieId: TrJ10  actor: Graham Chapman
movieId: TrJ10  actor: Terry Gilliam
movieId: TrJ12  actor: John Cleese
movieId: TrJ12  actor: Michael Palin
movieId: TrJ14  actor: John Cleese
movieId: TrJ14  actor: Graham Chapman
movieId: TrJ14  actor: Michael Palin
movieId: TrJ14  actor: Terry Jones
movieId: TrJ15  actor: Eric Idle
movieId: TrJ15  actor: John Cleese
movieId: TrJ15  actor: Michael Palin
movieId: TrJ15  actor: Terry Jones
movieId: TrJ15  actor: Graham Chapman
movieId: TrJ15  actor: Terry Gilliam
movieId: TrJ20  actor: Julie Walters
movieId: TRo1  actor: Ray Wistone
movieId: TRo1  actor: Tilda Swinton
movieId: TRo1  actor: Lara Belmont
movieId: TRo1  actor: Freddie Cunliffe
movieId: TRs1  actor: Richard Burton
movieId: TRs1  actor: Mary Ure
movieId: TRs1  actor: Claire Bllom
movieId: TRs1  actor: Edith Evans
movieId: TRs1  actor: Gary Raymond
movieId: TRs1  actor: Glen Byam Shaw
movieId: TRs1  actor: Phyllis NeilsonTerry
movieId: TRs1  actor: Donald Plesance
movieId: TRs1  actor: Goerge Devine
movieId: TRs3  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: TRs3  actor: Joan Plowright
movieId: TRs3  actor: Brenda deBanzie
movieId: TRs3  actor: Roger Livesey
movieId: TRs3  actor: Alan Bates
movieId: TRs3  actor: Shirley Anne Field
movieId: TRs3  actor: Albert Finney
movieId: TRs3  actor: Thora Hird
movieId: TRs3  actor: Daniel Massey
movieId: TRs4  actor: Rita Tushingham
movieId: TRs4  actor: Dora Bryan
movieId: TRs4  actor: Murray Melvin
movieId: TRs4  actor: Robert Stephens
movieId: TRs4  actor: Paul Danwuah
movieId: TRs8  actor: Tom Courtney
movieId: TRs8  actor: Michael Redgrave
movieId: TRs8  actor: James Bolam
movieId: TRs8  actor: Avis Bunnage
movieId: TRs8  actor: Alec McGowen
movieId: TRs8  actor: Joe Robinson
movieId: TRs8  actor: Julia Foster
movieId: TRs12  actor: Albert Finney
movieId: TRs12  actor: Susannah York
movieId: TRs12  actor: Hugh Griffith
movieId: TRs12  actor: Edit Evans
movieId: TRs12  actor: Joan Greenwood
movieId: TRs12  actor: Diane Cilento
movieId: TRs12  actor: George Devine
movieId: TRs12  actor: Joyce Redman
movieId: TRs12  actor: David Warner
movieId: TRs12  actor: Wilfrid Lawson
movieId: TRs12  actor: Freda Jackson
movieId: TRs12  actor: Rachel Kempson
movieId: TRs12  actor: Lynn Redgrave
movieId: TRs12  actor: George A. Cooper
movieId: TRs15  actor: Robert Morse
movieId: TRs15  actor: Milton Berle
movieId: TRs15  actor: Margaret Leighton
movieId: TRs15  actor: Rod Steiger
movieId: TRs15  actor: Ayllene Gibbons
movieId: TRs15  actor: Jonathan Winters
movieId: TRs15  actor: Liberace
movieId: TRs15  actor: James Coburn
movieId: TRs15  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: TRs15  actor: Robert Morley
movieId: TRs15  actor: Roddy McDowall
movieId: TRs15  actor: Anajanette Comer
movieId: TRs15  actor: Tab Huanter
movieId: TRs15  actor: Lionel Stander
movieId: TRs15  actor: Paul Williams
movieId: TRs16  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: TRs17  actor: Nicol Williamson
movieId: TRs17  actor: Anna Karina
movieId: TRs17  actor: JeanClaude Drouot
movieId: TRs17  actor: Peter Bowles
movieId: TRs17  actor: Sian Phillips
movieId: TRs18  actor: Nicol Williamson
movieId: TRs18  actor: Roger Livesey
movieId: TRs18  actor: Anthony Hopkins
movieId: TRs18  actor: Marianne Faithfull
movieId: TRs18  actor: Judy Parfitt
movieId: TRs18  actor: Gordon Jackson
movieId: TRs18  actor: Mark Dignam
movieId: TRs18  actor: Michael Pennington
movieId: TRs22  actor: AnnMargret
movieId: TRs22  actor: Peter Firth
movieId: TRs22  actor: Michael Hordern
movieId: TRs22  actor: Beryl Reid
movieId: TRs22  actor: Jim Dale
movieId: TRs22  actor: Peter Bull
movieId: TRs22  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: TRs22  actor: Hugh Griffith
movieId: TRs22  actor: Timothy West
movieId: TRs23  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: TRs23  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: TRs23  actor: Valerie Perrine
movieId: TRs23  actor: Warren Oates
movieId: TRs25  actor: Robe Lowe
movieId: TRs25  actor: Jodie Foster
movieId: TRs25  actor: Paul McCrane
movieId: TRs25  actor: Beau Bridges
movieId: TRs25  actor: Natassja Kinski
movieId: TRs25  actor: Wallace Shawn
movieId: TRs25  actor: Wilford Brimley
movieId: TRs28  actor: Wallace Shawn
movieId: TRs28  actor: Joe Orton
movieId: TRs32  actor: Charles Dance
movieId: TRs32  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: TRs32  actor: Teri Polo
movieId: TRs32  actor: Teri Polo
movieId: TRs32  actor: Ian Richardson
movieId: TRs32  actor: Andrea Ferreo
movieId: TRs32  actor: Adam Storke
movieId: TSm10  actor: Joe Pesci
movieId: TSm10  actor: s a
movieId: TSu10  actor: Richard E.\ Grant
movieId: TSu10  actor: Samantha Mathis
movieId: TSu10  actor: Cherie Lunghi
movieId: TSu10  actor: Judi Dench
movieId: TSu10  actor: Ian McKellen
movieId: TsH10  actor: Lin Ching Hsai
movieId: TsH10  actor: Sally Yeh
movieId: TsH10  actor: Cherie Chung
movieId: TSt1  actor: Tim Roth
movieId: TSt1  actor: Gary Oldman
movieId: TSt1  actor: Richard Dreyfuss
movieId: TSt1  actor: s a
movieId: TSt1  actor: s a
movieId: TSt1  actor: Richard Dreyfuss
movieId: TSt1  actor: Roger Rees
movieId: TSt1  actor: Robert Lindsay
movieId: TSy10  actor: Jim Carrey
movieId: TSy10  actor: Maura Tierney
movieId: TSy10  actor: Justin Cooper
movieId: TSy10  actor: Geraldine Chaplin
movieId: TSy10  actor: s a
movieId: TSy10  actor: Jason Bernard
movieId: TSy10  actor: s a
movieId: TSy10  actor: s a
movieId: TSy10  actor: s a
movieId: TSy12  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: TSy12  actor: Monica Potter
movieId: TSy12  actor: Daniel London
movieId: TSy12  actor: Peter Coyote
movieId: TSy12  actor: Phillip Seymor Hoffman
movieId: TSz1  actor: Todd Solondz
movieId: TSz5  actor: Heather Matarezza
movieId: TSz5  actor: Brendan Sexton
movieId: TSz5  actor: Eric Mabiuas
movieId: TSz5  actor: Matthew Faber
movieId: TSz10  actor: Jane Adams
movieId: TSz10  actor: Lara Flynn Boyle
movieId: TSz10  actor: Cynthia Stevenson
movieId: TSz10  actor: Ben Gazzara
movieId: TSz10  actor: Louise Lasser
movieId: TSz10  actor: Jon Lovitz
movieId: TSz10  actor: Dylan Baker
movieId: TSz10  actor: Rufus Read
movieId: TSz10  actor: Philip Seymour Hoffman
movieId: TSz10  actor: Camryn Mannheim
movieId: TTN10  actor: Tiana Thi Tranh Nga
movieId: TTy10  actor: Franka Potente
movieId: TTy10  actor: Moritz Bleibtreu
movieId: TTy10  actor: Hebert Knapp
movieId: TTy10  actor: Nina Petri
movieId: TTy10  actor: s a
movieId: TTy10  actor: s a
movieId: TTz2  actor: Pat OBrien
movieId: TTz2  actor: Darryl Hickman
movieId: TTz2  actor: Charles Kempner
movieId: TTz2  actor: Una OConnor
movieId: TTz2  actor: Arthur Shields
movieId: TTz2  actor: Anna Q. Nilsson
movieId: TTz2  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: TTz4  actor: Pat OBrien
movieId: TTz4  actor: Walter Slezak
movieId: TTz4  actor: Anne Jeffries
movieId: TTz4  actor: percy Kilbride
movieId: TTz4  actor: Jerome Cowan
movieId: TTz4  actor: Jason Robards
movieId: TTz8  actor: George Raft
movieId: TTz8  actor: George Macready
movieId: TTz8  actor: Nina Foch
movieId: TTz8  actor: Will Geer
movieId: TTz8  actor: Ivan Triesault
movieId: TTz9  actor: Bobby Driscoll
movieId: TTz9  actor: Barbara Hale
movieId: TTz9  actor: Arthur Kennedy
movieId: TTz9  actor: Paul Stewart
movieId: TTz9  actor: Ruth Roman
movieId: TTz10  actor: Glenn Ford
movieId: TTz10  actor: Alida Valli
movieId: TTz10  actor: Lloyd Bridges
movieId: TTz10  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: TTz10  actor: Oscar Homolko
movieId: TTz10  actor: Cedric Hardwicke
movieId: TTz10  actor: s a
movieId: TTz10  actor: June Clayworth
movieId: TTz10  actor: Lotte Stein
movieId: TTz11  actor: Victor Mature
movieId: TTz11  actor: Terry Moore
movieId: TTz11  actor: William Bendix
movieId: TTz11  actor: Basil Ruysdael
movieId: TTz20  actor: Dale Robertson
movieId: TTz20  actor: Lily StCyr
movieId: TTz20  actor: Sally Forrest
movieId: TTz20  actor: Mari Blanchard
movieId: TTz20  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: TTz20  actor: Leon Askin
movieId: TTz20  actor: Jay Novello
movieId: TTz20  actor: Ian MacDonald
movieId: TTz20  actor: Donald randolph
movieId: TTz20  actor: Larry Blake
movieId: TuB10  actor: Emin Sivas
movieId: TuB10  actor: Serap Aksoy
movieId: TuB10  actor: Rutkay Aziz
movieId: TVb10  actor: Henning Moritzen
movieId: TVb10  actor: UlrichThomsen
movieId: TVb10  actor: Brithe Neumann
movieId: TVb10  actor: s a
movieId: TVb10  actor: s a
movieId: TVi10  actor: Nick Scotti
movieId: TVi10  actor: Anthony Barrile
movieId: TVw10  actor: Craig Chester
movieId: TVw10  actor: Michael Gunther
movieId: TVw10  actor: James Lyons
movieId: TVw10  actor: Parker Posey
movieId: TWa10  actor: Tom Walls
movieId: TWa10  actor: Ralph Lynn
movieId: TWa10  actor: Robertson Hare
movieId: TWa10  actor: Norma varden
movieId: TWa10  actor: Marie Lohr
movieId: TWa10  actor: Diana Churchill
movieId: TWa10  actor: Cecil Parker
movieId: TWh20  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: TWh20  actor: Virginia Bruce
movieId: TWh20  actor: Lionel Atwill
movieId: TWh20  actor: James Stewart
movieId: TWh20  actor: Harvey Stephens
movieId: TWh20  actor: William Collier~sr
movieId: TWh20  actor: William Collier~sr
movieId: TWh20  actor: Lucien Littlefield
movieId: TWh20  actor: Francis X. Bushman
movieId: TWh20  actor: Robert Warrick
movieId: TWh25  actor: Laurence Oliver
movieId: TWh25  actor: Merle Oberon
movieId: TWh37  actor: Basil Rathbone
movieId: TWh37  actor: Ellen Drew
movieId: TWh37  actor: John Howard
movieId: TWh37  actor: Barabara Allen
movieId: TWh37  actor: Ralph Morgan
movieId: TWh41  actor: Lucille Ball
movieId: TWh41  actor: Vivtor Mature
movieId: TWh41  actor: Harold Peary
movieId: TWh41  actor: Mary Cortes
movieId: TWh41  actor: Ginny Simms
movieId: TWh41  actor: Ralph Edwards
movieId: TWh41  actor: Peter Lind Hayes
movieId: TWh41  actor: Marcy McGuire
movieId: TWh41  actor: Wallace Ford
movieId: TWh45  actor: Michele Morgan
movieId: TWh45  actor: Jack Haley
movieId: TWh45  actor: Leon Errol
movieId: TWh45  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: TWh45  actor: Marcie McGuire
movieId: TWh45  actor: Victor Borge
movieId: TWh45  actor: Mary Wickes
movieId: TWh45  actor: Barbara Hale
movieId: TWh45  actor: Elizabeth Risdon
movieId: TWh45  actor: Mel Torme
movieId: TWh45  actor: Joe Brown
movieId: TWh45  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: TWh50  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: TWh50  actor: George Murphy
movieId: TWh50  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: TWh50  actor: Gloria deHaven
movieId: TWh50  actor: Anne Jeffreys
movieId: TWh50  actor: Walter Slezak
movieId: TWh50  actor: Eugene Pallette
movieId: TYg8  actor: Victor Mature
movieId: TYg8  actor: Janet Leigh
movieId: TYg8  actor: Roland Culver
movieId: TYg8  actor: John Justin
movieId: TYg8  actor: Earl Cameron
movieId: TYg8  actor: Liam Redmond
movieId: TYg8  actor: Orlando Martins
movieId: TYg12  actor: Jayne Mansfield
movieId: TYg12  actor: Leo Genn
movieId: TYg12  actor: Christopher Lee
movieId: TYg12  actor: Karl Boehm
movieId: TYg12  actor: s a
movieId: TYg12  actor: Ian Fleming
movieId: TYg17  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: TYg17  actor: Ursula Andress
movieId: TYg17  actor: Joseph Wiseman
movieId: TYg17  actor: Jack Lord
movieId: TYg17  actor: Bernard Lee
movieId: TYg17  actor: Anthony Dawson
movieId: TYg17  actor: John Kitzmiller
movieId: TYg17  actor: Zena Marshall
movieId: TYg17  actor: Eunice Gayson
movieId: TYg17  actor: Peter Burton
movieId: TYg17  actor: Michel Mok
movieId: TYg17  actor: Lois Maxwell
movieId: TYg17  actor: Yvonne Shima
movieId: TYg17  actor: Marguarite Lewr
movieId: TYg17  actor: Reginald Carter
movieId: TYg18  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: TYg18  actor: Daniela Bianchi
movieId: TYg18  actor: Robert Shaw
movieId: TYg18  actor: Pedro Armendariz
movieId: TYg18  actor: Vladek Sheybal
movieId: TYg18  actor: Lotte Lenya
movieId: TYg18  actor: Bernard Lee
movieId: TYg18  actor: Lois Maxwell
movieId: TYg18  actor: Desmond Llewellyn
movieId: TYg20  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: TYg20  actor: Claudine Auger
movieId: TYg20  actor: Adolfo Celi
movieId: TYg20  actor: Luciana Paluzzi
movieId: TYg20  actor: Rik VanNutter
movieId: TYg20  actor: Philip Locke
movieId: TYg20  actor: Desmond Llewellyn
movieId: TYg20  actor: Bernard Lee
movieId: TYg20  actor: Lois Maxwell
movieId: TYg21  actor: Kim Novak
movieId: TYg21  actor: Richard Johnson
movieId: TYg21  actor: George Sanders
movieId: TYg21  actor: Lilli Palmer
movieId: TYg21  actor: Angela Lansbury
movieId: TYg21  actor: Leo McKern
movieId: TYg21  actor: Vittorio deSica
movieId: TYg21  actor: Cecil Parker
movieId: TYg21  actor: Daniel Massey
movieId: TYg21  actor: Michael Trubshawe
movieId: TYg21  actor: David Lodge
movieId: TYg21  actor: Anthony Dawson
movieId: TYg25  actor: Audrey Hepburn
movieId: TYg25  actor: Alan Arkin
movieId: TYg25  actor: Richard Crenna
movieId: TYg25  actor: Efrem Zimbalist~jr.
movieId: TYg25  actor: Jack Weston
movieId: TYg40  actor: Audrey Hepburn
movieId: TYg40  actor: Ben Gazzara
movieId: TYg40  actor: James Mason
movieId: TYg40  actor: Michelle Phillips
movieId: TYg40  actor: Omar Sharif
movieId: TYg40  actor: Romy Schneider
movieId: TyK10  actor: Edward Norton
movieId: TyK10  actor: Edward Furlong
movieId: TyN10  actor: Tommy Noonan
movieId: TyN10  actor: Mamie vanDoren
movieId: TyN10  actor: Paul Gilbert
movieId: TyN10  actor: John Cronin
movieId: TyN10  actor: Ziva Rodann
movieId: TyN10  actor: Alvey Moore
movieId: TyN10  actor: T.C. Jones
movieId: TZz10  actor: s a
movieId: TZz10  actor: s a
movieId: UbR10  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: UbR10  actor: Giacomo RossiStuart
movieId: UEd10  actor: Natja Brunkhorst
movieId: UEd10  actor: David Bowie
movieId: UEd10  actor: Thomas Haustein
movieId: UEd20  actor: Jennifer Jason Leigh
movieId: UEd20  actor: Jerry Orbach
movieId: UEd20  actor: Stephen Lang
movieId: UEd20  actor: Burt Young
movieId: UEd20  actor: Alexis Arquette
movieId: UEd20  actor: Maia Danziger
movieId: UEd25  actor: Madonna
movieId: UEd25  actor: Willem Dafoe
movieId: UEd25  actor: Joe Mantegna
movieId: UEd25  actor: Julianne Moore
movieId: UEd25  actor: s a
movieId: UEd25  actor: Anne Archer
movieId: UgF12  actor: Francesca Bertini
movieId: UgF12  actor: Francesco diGennaro
movieId: UgF12  actor: Stanislaus Ciarli
movieId: UlG3  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: UlG3  actor: Theresa Russel
movieId: UlG3  actor: Gary Busey
movieId: UlG3  actor: Dean Staunton
movieId: UlG10  actor: Robert DeNiro
movieId: UlG10  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: UlG10  actor: Charles Durning
movieId: UlG10  actor: Kenneth McMillan
movieId: UlG10  actor: Ed Flanders
movieId: UlG10  actor: Cyril Cusack
movieId: UlG10  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: UlG22  actor: Michell Pfeiffer
movieId: UlG22  actor: Treat Williams
movieId: UlG22  actor: s a
movieId: UlO10  actor: Tabea Blumenschein
movieId: UlO10  actor: Yvonne Rainer
movieId: UlO12  actor: Tabea Blumenschein
movieId: UlO12  actor: Lutze Hagen
movieId: UlO12  actor: Nina Hagen
movieId: UlO17  actor: Veruschka
movieId: UlO17  actor: Delphine Seyrig
movieId: UlO20  actor: Magdalena Montezuma
movieId: UlO20  actor: Delphine Seyrig
movieId: UlO25  actor: s a
movieId: UlO25  actor: Delphine Seyrig
movieId: UlO25  actor: s a
movieId: Upr2  actor: Om Puri
movieId: Upr2  actor: s a
movieId: Upr2  actor: s a
movieId: Upr2  actor: Rachel Griffiths
movieId: UrG10  actor: Poul Reumert
movieId: UrG10  actor: Einar Zangeberg
movieId: UrG10  actor: Christel Holck
movieId: UrG10  actor: Ellen Kornbeck
movieId: USt10  actor: Petronella Barker
movieId: USt10  actor: Bjorn Sundquist
movieId: VAr10  actor: Jorge Sanz
movieId: VAr10  actor: Maribel Verdu
movieId: VAr10  actor: Victoria Abril
movieId: VCH10  actor: Tim Roth
movieId: VCH10  actor: Tupac Shakur
movieId: VCH10  actor: Thandie Newton
movieId: VBe10  actor: Sophie Marceau
movieId: VCy10  actor: Bolek Polivka
movieId: VCy10  actor: Miroslav Donutil
movieId: VCy10  actor: Dagmar Veskrnova
movieId: VCy10  actor: Sarka Vojtkova
movieId: VCy10  actor: Jozef Kroner
movieId: VeS10  actor: Dermot Walsh
movieId: VeS10  actor: Hazel Court
movieId: VeS30  actor: Robert Fleming
movieId: VeS30  actor: Wanda Ventham
movieId: VeS30  actor: Peter Cushing
movieId: VeS30  actor: Vanessa Howard
movieId: VeZ10  actor: Dennis Christopher
movieId: VeZ10  actor: Linda Kerridge
movieId: VeZ10  actor: Tim Thomerson
movieId: VeZ10  actor: Morgan Paull
movieId: VeZ10  actor: Eve Brent Ashe
movieId: VeZ10  actor: Gwenne Gilford
movieId: VDa10  actor: Steve Allen
movieId: VDa10  actor: Benny Goodman
movieId: VDa10  actor: Donna Reed
movieId: VDa10  actor: Berta Gersten
movieId: VDa10  actor: Herbert Anderson
movieId: VDa10  actor: Robert F. Simon
movieId: VDa10  actor: Sammy Davis~jr.
movieId: VDa10  actor: Harry James
movieId: VDa10  actor: Teddy Wison
movieId: VDa10  actor: Martha Tilton
movieId: VDa10  actor: Gene Krupa
movieId: VDa10  actor: Lionel Hampton
movieId: VDa10  actor: Ziggy Elman
movieId: VdS2  actor: s a
movieId: VdS2  actor: s a
movieId: VdS2  actor: s a
movieId: VdS2  actor: s a
movieId: VdS4  actor: Franco Interlenghi
movieId: VdS4  actor: Rinaldo Smordoni
movieId: VdS5  actor: Lamberto Maggiorani
movieId: VdS5  actor: Enzo Staiola
movieId: VdS5  actor: s a
movieId: VdS6  actor: Brunella Bovo
movieId: VdS6  actor: Francesco Golissano
movieId: VdS6  actor: Emma Gramatica
movieId: VdS6  actor: Paolo Stoppa
movieId: VdS7  actor: Carlo Battisti
movieId: VdS7  actor: Maria Pia Casilio
movieId: VdS7  actor: Lina Gennari
movieId: VdS8  actor: Sophia Loren
movieId: VdS8  actor: Silvana Mangano
movieId: VdS8  actor: Vittorio deSica
movieId: VdS8  actor: Toto
movieId: VdS13  actor: Jennifer Jones
movieId: VdS13  actor: Montgomery Clift
movieId: VdS13  actor: Richard Beymer
movieId: VdS13  actor: Gino Cervi
movieId: VdS15  actor: Sophia Loren
movieId: VdS15  actor: Eleanora Brown
movieId: VdS15  actor: JeanPaul Belmondo
movieId: VdS15  actor: Raf Vallone
movieId: VdS17  actor: Marcello Mastroianni
movieId: VdS17  actor: Sophia Loren
movieId: VdS21  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: VdS21  actor: Britt Ekland
movieId: VdS21  actor: Martin Balsam
movieId: VdS21  actor: Victor Mature
movieId: VdS21  actor: Paolo Stoppa
movieId: VdS21  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: VdS21  actor: Vittorio deSica
movieId: VdS24  actor: Dominique Sanda
movieId: VdS24  actor: Lino Capolicchio
movieId: VdS24  actor: Helmut Berger
movieId: VdS24  actor: Fabrio Tesel
movieId: VdS24  actor: Romolo Valli
movieId: VF19  actor: Clara Bow
movieId: VF19  actor: Ernest Torrence
movieId: VF19  actor: Percy Marmount
movieId: VF19  actor: Eugene Palette
movieId: VF19  actor: William Orlamond
movieId: VF19  actor: Tom Kennedy
movieId: VF19  actor: Josephine Orwell
movieId: VF19  actor: Kalla Pasha
movieId: VF19  actor: Lon Poff
movieId: VF23  actor: Emil Jannings
movieId: VF25  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: VF25  actor: Lupe Velez
movieId: VF25  actor: Louis Wolheim
movieId: VF25  actor: Constantine Romanoff
movieId: VF31  actor: Douglas Fairbanks
movieId: VF33  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: VF33  actor: Jean Harlow
movieId: VF33  actor: Mary Astor
movieId: VF33  actor: Gene Raymond
movieId: VF33  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: VF33  actor: Tully Marshall
movieId: VF33  actor: Forrester Harvey
movieId: VF36  actor: Wallace Beery
movieId: VF36  actor: Jackie Cooper
movieId: VF36  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: VF36  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: VF36  actor: Otto Kruger
movieId: VF36  actor: Douglass Dumbrille
movieId: VF36  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: VF36  actor: Chic Sale
movieId: VF37  actor: Karen Morley
movieId: VF37  actor: Tom Keene
movieId: VF37  actor: John Qualen
movieId: VF37  actor: Barbara Pepper
movieId: VF38  actor: Jean Harlow
movieId: VF38  actor: Lee tracy
movieId: VF38  actor: Franchot Tone
movieId: VF38  actor: Frank Morgan
movieId: VF38  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: VF38  actor: Ted Healy
movieId: VF38  actor: Isabel Jewell
movieId: VF38  actor: Pat OBrien
movieId: VF38  actor: Louise Beavers
movieId: VF38  actor: Ivan Lebedeff
movieId: VF38  actor: Mary Forbes
movieId: VF38  actor: C.Auibrey Smith
movieId: VF39  actor: Jean Harlow
movieId: VF39  actor: William Powell
movieId: VF39  actor: Franchot Tone
movieId: VF39  actor: May Robson
movieId: VF39  actor: Ted Healy
movieId: VF39  actor: Nat Pendleton
movieId: VF39  actor: Rosalind Russell
movieId: VF39  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: VF41  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: VF41  actor: Freddie Bartholomew
movieId: VF41  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: VF41  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: VF41  actor: Melvyn Douglas
movieId: VF41  actor: Charles grapwin
movieId: VF41  actor: Christian Rub
movieId: VF41  actor: John Carradine
movieId: VF41  actor: Walter Kingsford
movieId: VF41  actor: Leo G. Carroll
movieId: VF41  actor: Charles Trowbridge
movieId: VF43  actor: Judy Garland
movieId: VF43  actor: Ray Bolger
movieId: VF43  actor: Frank Morgan
movieId: VF43  actor: Bert Lahr
movieId: VF43  actor: Jack Haley
movieId: VF43  actor: Margaret Hamilton
movieId: VF43  actor: Billie Burke
movieId: VF43  actor: Charley Grapewin
movieId: VF43  actor: Clara Blandick
movieId: VF43  actor: Terry
movieId: VF43  actor: Gus Wayne
movieId: VF43  actor: Charley Becker
movieId: VF43  actor: Meinhardt Raabe
movieId: VF43  actor: Buddy Ebsen
movieId: VF44  actor: Vivien Leigh
movieId: VF44  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: VF44  actor: Leslie Howard
movieId: VF44  actor: Olivia deHavilland
movieId: VF44  actor: Thomas Mitchell
movieId: VF44  actor: Barbara ONeil
movieId: VF44  actor: Mary Anderson
movieId: VF44  actor: Hattie McDaniel
movieId: VF44  actor: Evelyn Keyes
movieId: VF44  actor: Butterfly McQueen
movieId: VF44  actor: Ann Rutherford
movieId: VF44  actor: Victor Jory
movieId: VF44  actor: Laura Hope Crews
movieId: VF44  actor: Harry Davenport
movieId: VF44  actor: Jane Darnell
movieId: VF44  actor: Ona Munson
movieId: VF44  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: VF44  actor: Sidney Howard
movieId: VF45  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: VF45  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: VF45  actor: Lana Turner
movieId: VF45  actor: Ian Hunter
movieId: VF45  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: VF45  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: VF45  actor: Sara Allgood
movieId: VF46  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: VF46  actor: John Garfield
movieId: VF46  actor: John Qualen
movieId: VF46  actor: Sheldon Leonard
movieId: VF46  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: VF46  actor: Allen Jenkins
movieId: VF46  actor: Hedy Lamarr
movieId: VF46  actor: Frank Morgan
movieId: VF46  actor: Henry ONeill
movieId: VF47  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: VF47  actor: Irene Dunne
movieId: VF47  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: VF47  actor: Van Johnson
movieId: VF47  actor: Jimmy Gleason
movieId: VF47  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: VF47  actor: Barry Nelson
movieId: VF47  actor: Don Defoe
movieId: VF47  actor: Henry ONeill
movieId: VF48  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: VF48  actor: Jose Ferrer
movieId: VF48  actor: George Coulouris
movieId: VF48  actor: Francis L. Sullivan
movieId: VF48  actor: Gene Lockhart
movieId: VF48  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: VF48  actor: John Ireland
movieId: VF48  actor: Hurd Hatfield
movieId: VF48  actor: Cecil Kellaway
movieId: VF48  actor: Georgr Zucco
movieId: VF48  actor: J.Carrol Naish
movieId: VFu10  actor: sa s
movieId: VGa10  actor: Vincent Gallo
movieId: VGa10  actor: Christina Ricci
movieId: VGa10  actor: Ben Gazzara
movieId: VGa10  actor: Anjelica Houston
movieId: VGa12  actor: Vincent Gallo
movieId: VGa12  actor: Chloe Sevigny
movieId: VGa12  actor: Cheryl Tiegs
movieId: VGa12  actor: sa
movieId: VGl10  actor: Ela GrubeDeister
movieId: VGl10  actor: Rolf Zacker
movieId: VGl10  actor: Miriel Baumeister
movieId: VGl10  actor: Ben Becher
movieId: VGu19  actor: Brian Donlevy
movieId: VGu19  actor: Jack Warner
movieId: VGu19  actor: Margia Dean
movieId: VGu19  actor: Richard Wodsworth
movieId: VGu19  actor: David King Wood
movieId: VGu19  actor: Thora Hird
movieId: VGu23  actor: Brian Donlevy
movieId: VGu23  actor: Lohn Longden
movieId: VGu23  actor: Sidney James
movieId: VGu23  actor: Bryna Forbes
movieId: VGu23  actor: William Franklin
movieId: VGu23  actor: Percy Herbert
movieId: VGu25  actor: David Tomlinson
movieId: VGu25  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: VGu25  actor: Wilfrid HydeWhite
movieId: VGu25  actor: Vera Day
movieId: VGu25  actor: Tom Gill
movieId: VGu25  actor: Michael Goodliffe
movieId: VGu25  actor: Reginald Beckwith
movieId: VGu25  actor: Lionel Jeffries
movieId: VGu34  actor: Jack Warner
movieId: VGu34  actor: Ronald Lewis
movieId: VGu34  actor: Michael Goodliffe
movieId: VGu34  actor: Yolande Donlan
movieId: VGu34  actor: John Barron
movieId: VGu36  actor: Janette Scott
movieId: VGu36  actor: Ian Henry
movieId: VGu36  actor: Ronald Fraser
movieId: VGu36  actor: Edmund Purdom
movieId: VGu36  actor: Kay Walsh
movieId: VGu36  actor: Norman Bird
movieId: VGu36  actor: Janina Fay
movieId: VGu36  actor: Tommy Trinder
movieId: VGu40  actor: Victoria Vetri
movieId: VHa10  actor: Bela Lugosi
movieId: VHa10  actor: Robert Frazer
movieId: VHa10  actor: John Harron
movieId: VHa10  actor: Madge Bellamy
movieId: VHa10  actor: Joseph Cawthorn
movieId: VHa10  actor: Abishek Kapoor
movieId: VHa10  actor: Twinkle Khanna
movieId: ViH20  actor: Groucho Marx
movieId: ViH20  actor: Chico Marx
movieId: ViH20  actor: Harpo Marx
movieId: ViH20  actor: Zeppo Marx
movieId: ViH20  actor: Margaret Dumont
movieId: ViH20  actor: Lilian Roth
movieId: ViH20  actor: Louis Sorin
movieId: ViH20  actor: Robert Greig
movieId: ViH20  actor: Hal Thompson
movieId: ViS5  actor: Charles Ray
movieId: ViS5  actor: Charles French
movieId: ViS5  actor: Margery Wilson
movieId: ViS5  actor: Lydia Knott
movieId: ViS58  actor: Clive Brook
movieId: ViS58  actor: Mary Bryan
movieId: ViS58  actor: Olga Baclanove
movieId: ViS58  actor: William Powell
movieId: ViS81  actor: Martyn Greene
movieId: ViS81  actor: Kenny Baker
movieId: ViS81  actor: Jean Colin
movieId: ViS81  actor: John Barclay
movieId: ViS81  actor: Sydney Granville
movieId: ViS83  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: ViS83  actor: Mary Martin
movieId: ViS84  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: ViS84  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: ViS84  actor: Dorothy Lamour
movieId: ViS84  actor: Charles Coburn
movieId: ViS84  actor: Judith Barrett
movieId: ViS84  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: ViS84  actor: Jerry Colonna
movieId: ViS86  actor: Bing Crosby
movieId: ViS86  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: ViS86  actor: Dorothy Lamour
movieId: ViS86  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: ViS86  actor: Eric Blore
movieId: ViW1  actor: s a
movieId: ViW10  actor: Anne Parillaud
movieId: ViW10  actor: Jason Scott Lee
movieId: ViW10  actor: Patrick Bergin
movieId: ViW15  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: ViW15  actor: AnnaBella Sciorra
movieId: ViW15  actor: Cuba Gooding~jr
movieId: ViW15  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: VJD1  actor: Maureen Stapleton
movieId: VJD2  actor: Ralph Bellamy
movieId: VJD2  actor: Greer Garson
movieId: VJD2  actor: Anne Shoemaker
movieId: VJD2  actor: Hume Cronyn
movieId: VJD2  actor: Jean Hagen
movieId: VJD2  actor: David White
movieId: VKo13  actor: s a
movieId: VKo13  actor: s a
movieId: VlM10  actor: Vera Alentova
movieId: VlM10  actor: Raisa Ryazonova
movieId: VlM10  actor: Irina Muravyova
movieId: VLo50  actor: Miki Manjolovic
movieId: VLo50  actor: Vibeke Lokkeberg
movieId: VM1  actor: Eddie `Rochester' Anderson
movieId: VM1  actor: Ethel Waters
movieId: VM1  actor: Lena Horne
movieId: VM1  actor: Cab Calloway
movieId: VM1  actor: Louis Armstrong
movieId: VM1  actor: John W. Bubett
movieId: VM1  actor: Duke Ellington
movieId: VM1  actor: John W. Sublett
movieId: VM1  actor: Ford L. Washington
movieId: VM1  actor: Rex Ingram
movieId: VM4  actor: Judy Garland
movieId: VM4  actor: Margaret OBrien
movieId: VM4  actor: Tom Drake
movieId: VM4  actor: Leon Ames
movieId: VM4  actor: Mary Astor
movieId: VM4  actor: Lucille Bremer
movieId: VM4  actor: June Lockhart
movieId: VM4  actor: Harry Davenport
movieId: VM4  actor: Marjorie Main
movieId: VM4  actor: Joan Carroll
movieId: VM4  actor: Hugh Marlowe
movieId: VM4  actor: Chill Wills
movieId: VM5  actor: Judy Garland
movieId: VM5  actor: Robert Walker
movieId: VM5  actor: James Gleason
movieId: VM5  actor: Lucile leason
movieId: VM5  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: VM5  actor: Marshall Thompson
movieId: VM5  actor: Chester Clute
movieId: VM7  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: VM7  actor: Lucille Ball
movieId: VM7  actor: William Powell
movieId: VM7  actor: Jimmy Durante
movieId: VM7  actor: Bunin's Puppets
movieId: VM7  actor: Edward Arnold
movieId: VM7  actor: Gene Kelly
movieId: VM7  actor: Fannie Bryce
movieId: VM7  actor: Red Skelton
movieId: VM7  actor: Lena Horne
movieId: VM7  actor: Lucille Bremer
movieId: VM7  actor: Esther Williams
movieId: VM7  actor: Judy Garland
movieId: VM7  actor: James Melton
movieId: VM7  actor: Hume Cronyn
movieId: VM7  actor: Victor Moore
movieId: VM7  actor: Marion Bell
movieId: VM7  actor: Kathryn Grayson
movieId: VM8  actor: Jennifer Jones
movieId: VM8  actor: Van Heflin
movieId: VM8  actor: James Mason
movieId: VM8  actor: Louis Jordan
movieId: VM8  actor: Christopher Kent
movieId: VM8  actor: Gene Lockhart
movieId: VM8  actor: Gladys Cooper
movieId: VM8  actor: John Abbott
movieId: VM8  actor: Henry Morgan
movieId: VM8  actor: George Zucco
movieId: VM8not  actor: Isabelle Huppert
movieId: Vm9  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: VM9  actor: Joan Bennett
movieId: VM9  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: VM9  actor: Don Taylor
movieId: VM9  actor: Billie Burke
movieId: VM9  actor: Moroni Olson
movieId: VM9  actor: Leo G. Carroll
movieId: VM9  actor: Taylor Holmes
movieId: VM9  actor: Melville Cooper
movieId: VM9  actor: Rusty Tamblin
movieId: VM10  actor: Gene Kelly
movieId: VM10  actor: Leslie Caron
movieId: VM10  actor: Nina Foch
movieId: VM10  actor: Oscar Levant
movieId: VM10  actor: Georges Guetary
movieId: VM11  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: VM11  actor: Lana Turner
movieId: VM11  actor: Walter Pidgeon
movieId: VM11  actor: Dick Powell
movieId: VM11  actor: Barry Sullivan
movieId: VM11  actor: Gloria Grahame
movieId: VM11  actor: Gilbert Roland
movieId: VM11  actor: Leo G. Carroll
movieId: VM11  actor: Vanessa Brown
movieId: VM11  actor: Paul Stewart
movieId: VM11  actor: Elaine Stewart
movieId: VM11  actor: Barry Sullivan
movieId: VM13  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: VM13  actor: Jack Buchanan
movieId: VM13  actor: Cyd Charisse
movieId: VM13  actor: Oscar Levant
movieId: VM13  actor: Nanette Fabrey
movieId: VM13  actor: James Mitchell
movieId: VM13  actor: India Adams
movieId: VM19  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: VM19  actor: James Donald
movieId: VM19  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: VM19  actor: Pamela Brown
movieId: VM19  actor: Everett Sloane
movieId: VM19  actor: Niall mcGinnis
movieId: VM19  actor: Noel Purcell
movieId: VM19  actor: Henry Daniell
movieId: VM19  actor: Lionel Jeffries
movieId: VM19  actor: Madge Kennedy
movieId: VM19  actor: Jill Bennett
movieId: VM19  actor: Laurence Naismith
movieId: VM21  actor: Rex Harrison
movieId: VM21  actor: Kay Kendall
movieId: VM21  actor: Sandra Dee
movieId: VM21  actor: Peter Meyers
movieId: VM21  actor: Angela Lansbury
movieId: VM21  actor: John Saxon
movieId: VM21  actor: Diane Clare
movieId: VM22  actor: Leslie Caron
movieId: VM22  actor: Louis Jourdan
movieId: VM22  actor: Maurice Chevalier
movieId: VM22  actor: Hermione Gingold
movieId: VM22  actor: Isabel Jeans
movieId: VM22  actor: Jaques Bergerac
movieId: VM22  actor: Eva Gabor
movieId: VM22  actor: John Abbott
movieId: VM32  actor: Yves Montand
movieId: VM33  actor: Liza Minnelli
movieId: VM33  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: VM33  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: VME8  actor: Ed Asner
movieId: VME8  actor: Don Knotts
movieId: VME8  actor: Gary Grimes
movieId: VME8  actor: Tim Conway
movieId: VME9  actor: Strother Martin
movieId: VME9  actor: L.Q. Jones
movieId: VME9  actor: Charles Bateman
movieId: VME9  actor: Anna Capri
movieId: VME9  actor: Charles Robinson
movieId: VME9  actor: Alvy moore
movieId: VME9  actor: Geri Reischl
movieId: VME11  actor: James Garner
movieId: VME11  actor: Jodie Foster
movieId: VME11  actor: Vera Miles
movieId: VME11  actor: Pat Hingle
movieId: VME11  actor: Morgan Woodard
movieId: VME11  actor: John Doucette
movieId: VME13  actor: Helen Hayes
movieId: VME13  actor: Ken Berry
movieId: VME13  actor: Stefanie Powers
movieId: VME13  actor: John McIntyre
movieId: VME13  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: VME13  actor: Huntz hall
movieId: VME14  actor: Robert Foxworth
movieId: VME14  actor: Joan Hackett
movieId: VME14  actor: Peter Ustinov
movieId: VME14  actor: Jane Wyatt
movieId: VME14  actor: Johnny Duran
movieId: VME14  actor: Billy Attmore
movieId: VME15  actor: Dean Jones
movieId: VME15  actor: Don Knotts
movieId: VME15  actor: Julie Sommars
movieId: VME15  actor: Jaques Marin
movieId: VME15  actor: Roy Kinnear
movieId: VME15  actor: Bernard Fox
movieId: VME18  actor: Tim Conway
movieId: VME18  actor: Don Knotts
movieId: VME18  actor: Tim Matheson
movieId: VME18  actor: Jack Elam
movieId: VME20  actor: Cloris Leachman
movieId: VME20  actor: Charles Martin Smith
movieId: VME20  actor: John Vernon
movieId: VME20  actor: Stephan W. Burns
movieId: VME20  actor: Elyssa Davalos
movieId: VME20  actor: Joaquin Garay~III
movieId: VME20  actor: Harvey Korman
movieId: VME35  actor: Peter Falk
movieId: VME35  actor: Tyne Daly
movieId: VME35  actor: Greg Evigne
movieId: VME35  actor: Frank McRae
movieId: VME35  actor: Don S. Davis
movieId: VME35  actor: Leon Singer
movieId: VME35  actor: Steve Forrest
movieId: VME35  actor: Kay Perry Howe
movieId: VME35  actor: Stephen Liska
movieId: VME35  actor: McEveety Vincent
movieId: VME40  actor: Dudley Moore
movieId: VME40  actor: Bryan Brown
movieId: VME40  actor: Patsy Kensit
movieId: VNa10  actor: Nicole deBoer
movieId: VNa10  actor: Nicky Guadani
movieId: VNa10  actor: David Hewlett
movieId: VNf10  actor: Barbara Auer
movieId: VNf10  actor: Georges Corraface
movieId: VNf10  actor: Nadja Nebas
movieId: VNf10  actor: s a
movieId: VNu10  actor: Ashley Judd
movieId: VNu15  actor: Peter Fonda
movieId: VNu15  actor: Tom Wood
movieId: VNu15  actor: Patricia Richardson
movieId: VNu15  actor: Christine Dunford
movieId: VNu15  actor: s a
movieId: VNu15  actor: Jessica Biel
movieId: VNu15  actor: Steven Finn
movieId: VNu15  actor: s a
movieId: VNu15  actor: s a
movieId: VNu15  actor: Devey Weber
movieId: VoS20  actor: Angela Winkler
movieId: VoS20  actor: s a
movieId: VoS20  actor: Dieter Laser
movieId: VoS32  actor: Jeremy Irons
movieId: VoS32  actor: Ornella Muti
movieId: VoS32  actor: Alain Delon
movieId: VoS32  actor: Fanny Ardant
movieId: VoS32  actor: MarieChristine Barrault
movieId: VoS32  actor: Jacques Bodet
movieId: VoS40  actor: Natasha Richardson
movieId: VoS40  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: VoS40  actor: Faye Dunaway
movieId: VoS40  actor: Blanche Baker
movieId: VoS40  actor: Elizabeth McGovern
movieId: VoS40  actor: Aidan Quinn
movieId: VoS42  actor: Sam Sheppard
movieId: VoS42  actor: Julie Delpy
movieId: VoS42  actor: Barbara Sukowa
movieId: VoS42  actor: August Zirner
movieId: VoS48  actor: Woody Harrelson
movieId: VoS48  actor: Gina Gershon
movieId: VoS48  actor: Elizabeth Shue
movieId: VoS48  actor: Ralph Hoppe
movieId: VoS48  actor: Chloe Sevigny
movieId: VoS48  actor: Tom Wright
movieId: VoS48  actor: Michael Rapaport
movieId: VoS49  actor: John Malkovich
movieId: VoS49  actor: Armin MuellerStahl
movieId: VrM40  actor: Will Hay
movieId: VrM40  actor: Moore Marriott
movieId: VrM40  actor: Graham Moffatt
movieId: VrM40  actor: Dave OToole
movieId: VrM40  actor: Dennis Wyndham
movieId: VrM42  actor: Will Hay
movieId: VrM42  actor: Graham Moffatt
movieId: VrM42  actor: Moore Marriott
movieId: VrM42  actor: Googie Withers
movieId: VrM42  actor: Garry Marsh
movieId: VrM42  actor: Basil Radford
movieId: VrS20  actor: Betty Compson
movieId: VrS20  actor: George Barraud
movieId: VrS24  actor: Madeleine Carroll
movieId: VrS24  actor: Conrad Veidt
movieId: VrS24  actor: Herbert Marsall
movieId: VrS24  actor: Gerald duMaurier
movieId: VrS24  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: VrS24  actor: Donald Calthrop
movieId: VrS24  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: VrS24  actor: Anthony Bushnell
movieId: VrS24  actor: Marita Hunt
movieId: VrS25  actor: Sonnie Hale
movieId: VrS25  actor: Cyril Smith
movieId: VrS25  actor: Eliot Makeham
movieId: VrS25  actor: Ursula Jeans
movieId: VrS25  actor: Emlyn Williams
movieId: VrS25  actor: Frank Lawton
movieId: VrS25  actor: Belle Chrystal
movieId: VrS25  actor: Max Miller
movieId: VrS25  actor: Alfred Drayton
movieId: VrS25  actor: Edmund Gwenn
movieId: VrS25  actor: Mary Jerrold
movieId: VrS25  actor: Gordon Harker
movieId: VrS25  actor: Robertson Hare
movieId: VrS25  actor: Marita Hunt
movieId: VrS25  actor: Leonora Corbett
movieId: VrS25  actor: Jessie Matthews
movieId: VrS25  actor: Kelly Hu
movieId: VrS25  actor: Ralph Richardson
movieId: VrS28  actor: Conrad Veidt
movieId: VrS28  actor: Vivien Leigh
movieId: VrS28  actor: Robert Newton
movieId: VrS28  actor: Joan Gardner
movieId: VSa10  actor: Sam Rockwell
movieId: VSa18  actor: Sean Patrick Flanery
movieId: VSa18  actor: Mary Steenburgen
movieId: VSa18  actor: Jeremy Reid
movieId: VSa18  actor: Ray Wise
movieId: VSa18  actor: Jeff Goldblum
movieId: VSa18  actor: Alex Alan Morris
movieId: VSa18  actor: Lance Hendrickson
movieId: VSa18  actor: Bradford Tatum
movieId: VSa18  actor: Brandon Smith
movieId: VSh7  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: VSh7  actor: Conrad Veidt
movieId: VSh7  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: VSh7  actor: Karen Verne
movieId: VSh7  actor: Judith Anderson
movieId: VSh7  actor: Jane Darwell
movieId: VSh7  actor: Frank McHugh
movieId: VSh7  actor: Jackie Gleason
movieId: VSh7  actor: William Demarest
movieId: VSh7  actor: Phil Silvers
movieId: VSh9  actor: Ida Lupino
movieId: VSh9  actor: Joan Leslie
movieId: VSh9  actor: Jack Carson
movieId: VSh9  actor: Dennis Mogan
movieId: VSh9  actor: Gladys George
movieId: VSh9  actor: Paul Cavanagh
movieId: VSh9  actor: Roman Bohnen
movieId: VSh9  actor: Faye Emerson
movieId: VSh9  actor: Julie Bishop
movieId: VSh9  actor: Joan Woodbury
movieId: VSh9  actor: Ann Doran
movieId: VSh9  actor: Leona Maricle
movieId: VSh10  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: VSh10  actor: Miriam Hopkins
movieId: VSh10  actor: Gig Young
movieId: VSh10  actor: John Loder
movieId: VSh10  actor: Dolores Moran
movieId: VSh10  actor: Philip Reed
movieId: VSh10  actor: Roscoe Karns
movieId: VSh10  actor: Anne Revere
movieId: VSh15  actor: Betty Davis
movieId: VSh15  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: VSh15  actor: Walter Abel
movieId: VSh15  actor: Richard Waring
movieId: VSh15  actor: George Coulouris
movieId: VSh15  actor: John Alexander
movieId: VSh15  actor: Jerome Cowan
movieId: VSh23  actor: Errol Flynn
movieId: VSh23  actor: Viveca Lindfors
movieId: VSh23  actor: Romney Brent
movieId: VSh23  actor: Robert Douglas
movieId: VSh23  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: VSh23  actor: Ann Rutherford
movieId: VSh23  actor: Robert Warwick
movieId: VSh23  actor: Jerry Austin
movieId: VSh23  actor: Douglas Kennedy
movieId: VSh23  actor: Una OConnor
movieId: VSh23  actor: Aubrey Mather
movieId: VSh23  actor: Raymond burr
movieId: VSh25  actor: Richard Todd
movieId: VSh25  actor: Patricia Neal
movieId: VSh25  actor: Ronald Reagan
movieId: VSh25  actor: Orlando Martins
movieId: VSh25  actor: Howard MarionCrawford
movieId: VSh27  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: VSh27  actor: David Brian
movieId: VSh27  actor: Richard Egan
movieId: VSh27  actor: s a
movieId: VSh27  actor: s a
movieId: VSh27  actor: s a
movieId: VSj1  actor: Lilli Bech
movieId: VSj1  actor: Victor Seastrom
movieId: VSj1  actor: Gosta Eckman
movieId: VSj1  actor: Gunnar Bowman
movieId: VSj5  actor: Lon Chaney
movieId: VSj6  actor: Lillian Gish
movieId: VSj6  actor: Lars Hanson
movieId: VSj6  actor: Henry B. Walthall
movieId: VSj6  actor: Karl Dane
movieId: VSj7  actor: Greta Garbo
movieId: VSj7  actor: Lars Hanson
movieId: VSj7  actor: Lowell Sherman
movieId: VSj7  actor: John Mack brown
movieId: VSj7  actor: Polly Moran
movieId: VSj8  actor: Lillian Ghish
movieId: VSj8  actor: Lars Hanson
movieId: VSj8  actor: Montagu Love
movieId: VSj8  actor: Edward Earle
movieId: VSj8  actor: Dorothy Cumming
movieId: VSj8  actor: F. Hightower
movieId: vSM10  actor: Hatty Jones
movieId: vSM10  actor: Frances Dormond
movieId: VsP10  actor: Vera Baranovskays
movieId: VsP10  actor: Nikolai Batalov
movieId: VsP10  actor: Vsevolod Pudovkin
movieId: VSt10  actor: Cheryl Ladd
movieId: VSt10  actor: Stephen Boyd
movieId: VSt10  actor: Rosie Grier
movieId: VSt10  actor: David Ladd
movieId: VSt10  actor: Darby Hinton
movieId: VtH10  actor: Ferdinand Marian
movieId: VtH10  actor: Werner Krauss
movieId: VtH10  actor: Heinrich George
movieId: VtH10  actor: Kristina S\"oderbaum
movieId: VtH23  actor: Charles Sauten
movieId: VyK10  actor: Inna Churikova
movieId: VyK10  actor: Svetlana Ryabova
movieId: VyK10  actor: Maria Golubkina
movieId: VyK10  actor: Elena Bogdanova
movieId: VyK10  actor: s a
movieId: VyK15  actor: Alexandre Lazarev
movieId: VyK15  actor: s a
movieId: VyK15  actor: s a
movieId: VZg10  actor: John Waters
movieId: VZg10  actor: Divine
movieId: W25  actor: s a
movieId: W25  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: W25  actor: s a
movieId: W30  actor: Clara Bow
movieId: W30  actor: Charles `Buddy' Rogers
movieId: W30  actor: Richard Arlen
movieId: W30  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: W30  actor: Jobyna Ralston
movieId: W30  actor: El Brendel
movieId: W30  actor: Henry B. Walthall
movieId: W30  actor: Richard Tucker
movieId: W38  actor: Chester Morris
movieId: W38  actor: Evelyn Brent
movieId: W38  actor: Hal Skelly
movieId: W40  actor: Wallace Beery
movieId: W40  actor: Florence Vidor
movieId: W40  actor: Warner Oland
movieId: W40  actor: Jack McHugh
movieId: W40  actor: Jack Oakie
movieId: W41  actor: Richard Arlen
movieId: W41  actor: Mary Brian
movieId: W41  actor: Olga Baclanovo
movieId: W41  actor: Harry Green
movieId: W41  actor: Jack Oakie
movieId: W50  actor: Jimmy Cagney
movieId: W50  actor: Edward Woods
movieId: W50  actor: Jean Harlow
movieId: W50  actor: Joan Blondell
movieId: W50  actor: Beryl Mercer
movieId: W50  actor: Donald Cook
movieId: W50  actor: Mae Clarke
movieId: W50  actor: Leslie Fenton
movieId: W55  actor: Richard Dix
movieId: W55  actor: Ann Harding
movieId: W55  actor: Edna May Oliver
movieId: W55  actor: Guy Kibbee
movieId: W55  actor: Julie Haydon
movieId: W55  actor: Donald Cook
movieId: W55  actor: Harry Holman
movieId: W55  actor: Richard Gallagher
movieId: W56  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: W60  actor: Dick Powell
movieId: W60  actor: Pat OBrien
movieId: W60  actor: Ann Dvorak
movieId: W60  actor: Arthur Byron
movieId: W60  actor: Lyle Talbot
movieId: W60  actor: Hugh Herbert
movieId: W60  actor: Guinn Williams
movieId: W60  actor: Donald Meek
movieId: W60  actor: John Wayne
movieId: W66  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: W66  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: W66  actor: Jack Oakie
movieId: W66  actor: Reginald Owen
movieId: W66  actor: Frank Conroy
movieId: W66  actor: s a
movieId: W70  actor: Robert Taylor
movieId: W70  actor: Janet Gaynor
movieId: W70  actor: Binnie Barnes
movieId: W70  actor: Lewuis Stone
movieId: W70  actor: Andy Devine
movieId: W70  actor: Elizabeth Patterson
movieId: W70  actor: James Stewart
movieId: W70  actor: Frank Craven
movieId: W70  actor: Charley Grapwin
movieId: W73  actor: Janet Gaynor
movieId: W73  actor: Fredric March
movieId: W73  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: W73  actor: May Robson
movieId: W73  actor: Lionel Stander
movieId: W74  actor: Carole Lombard
movieId: W74  actor: Fredric March
movieId: W74  actor: Walter Conolly
movieId: W74  actor: Charles Winninger
movieId: W74  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: W74  actor: Frank Fay
movieId: W74  actor: Maxie Rosenbloom
movieId: W74  actor: Margaret Hamilton
movieId: W74  actor: Hedda Hopper
movieId: W74  actor: Monty Woolley
movieId: W74  actor: Hattie McDaniel
movieId: W74  actor: Olin Howard
movieId: W74  actor: John Qualen
movieId: W75  actor: Fred MacMurray
movieId: W75  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: W75  actor: Louise Campbell
movieId: W75  actor: Andy Devine
movieId: W75  actor: Lynne Overman
movieId: W75  actor: Porter Hall
movieId: W75  actor: Walter Abel
movieId: W75  actor: Virginia Weidler
movieId: W75  actor: Donald OConnor
movieId: W77  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: W77  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: W77  actor: Robert Preston
movieId: W77  actor: Susan Hayward
movieId: W77  actor: Brian Donlevy
movieId: W77  actor: Albert Dekker
movieId: W77  actor: Broderick Crawford
movieId: W77  actor: J.Carrol Naish
movieId: W77  actor: Heather Thatcher
movieId: W77  actor: James Stephenson
movieId: W77  actor: Donald OConnor
movieId: W77  actor: G.P. Huntley~jr
movieId: W78  actor: Ronald Colman
movieId: W78  actor: Ida Lupino
movieId: W78  actor: Walter Huston
movieId: W78  actor: Dudley Digges
movieId: W78  actor: Muriel Angelus
movieId: W78  actor: Fay Helm
movieId: W78  actor: Ernest Cossart
movieId: W82  actor: Barbara Stanwyk
movieId: W82  actor: Michael OShea
movieId: W82  actor: Edward Bromberg
movieId: W82  actor: Iris Adrian
movieId: W82  actor: Gloria Dickson
movieId: W82  actor: Charles Dingle
movieId: W83  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: W83  actor: Henry Morgan
movieId: W83  actor: Jane Darwell
movieId: W83  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: W83  actor: Mary Beth Hughes
movieId: W83  actor: William Eythe
movieId: W83  actor: Harry Davenport
movieId: W83  actor: Frank Conroy
movieId: W85  actor: Joel McCrea
movieId: W85  actor: Maureen OHara
movieId: W85  actor: Linda Darnell
movieId: W85  actor: Thomas Mitchell
movieId: W85  actor: Edgar Buchanan
movieId: W85  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: W85  actor: Chief Many Tribes
movieId: W90  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: W90  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: W90  actor: Freddie Steele
movieId: W90  actor: Wally Cassel
movieId: W90  actor: Don Whitehead
movieId: W90  actor: John R. Reilly
movieId: W90  actor: William Murphy
movieId: W90  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: W90  actor: Dorothy Coonan Wellman
movieId: W98  actor: John Wayne
movieId: W98  actor: Lloyd Nolan
movieId: W98  actor: Walter Abel
movieId: W98  actor: Allyn Joslyn
movieId: W98  actor: Andy Devine
movieId: W98  actor: James Arness
movieId: W90  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: W90  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: W90  actor: Freddie Steele
movieId: W90  actor: Wally Cassel
movieId: W90  actor: Don Whitehead
movieId: W90  actor: John R. Reilly
movieId: W90  actor: William Murphy
movieId: W90  actor: Bob Hope
movieId: W90  actor: Dorothy Coonan Wellman
movieId: W100  actor: John Wayne
movieId: W100  actor: Robert Newton
movieId: W100  actor: robert Stack
movieId: W100  actor: Doe Avedon
movieId: W100  actor: Claire trevor
movieId: W100  actor: Laraine Day
movieId: W100  actor: Ian Sterling
movieId: W100  actor: Phil harris
movieId: W100  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: W100  actor: John Howrd
movieId: WA1  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: WA1  actor: Janet Margolin
movieId: WA1  actor: Louise Lasser
movieId: WA2  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: WA2  actor: Louise Lasser
movieId: WA2  actor: Carlos Montalban
movieId: WA2  actor: Sylvester Stallone
movieId: WA2  actor: Howard Cosell
movieId: WA2  actor: Natividad Abascal
movieId: WA2  actor: Baron deBree
movieId: WA2  actor: s a
movieId: WA3  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: WA3  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: WA3  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: WA3  actor: John Carradine
movieId: WA3  actor: Louise Lasser
movieId: WA3  actor: Lou Jacobi
movieId: WA3  actor: Burt Reynolds
movieId: WA3  actor: Tony Randall
movieId: WA3  actor: Lynn Redgrave
movieId: WA3  actor: Anthony Quayle
movieId: WA3  actor: Gene Wilder
movieId: WA4  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: WA4  actor: Diane Keaton
movieId: WA4  actor: John Beck
movieId: WA5  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: WA5  actor: Diane Keaton
movieId: WA5  actor: Harold Gould
movieId: WA5  actor: Jessica Harper
movieId: WA5  actor: James Tolkan
movieId: WA5  actor: Miriam Brickman
movieId: WA6  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: WA6  actor: Diane Keaton
movieId: WA6  actor: Tony Roberts
movieId: WA6  actor: Carol Kane
movieId: WA6  actor: Paul Simon
movieId: WA6  actor: Shelley Duvall
movieId: WA6  actor: Colleen Dewhurst
movieId: WA6  actor: Jonathan Munk
movieId: WA6  actor: Marshall McLuhan
movieId: WA6  actor: Jeff Goldblum
movieId: WA6  actor: Janet Margolin
movieId: WA6  actor: Helen Ludlow
movieId: WA6  actor: Russel Horton
movieId: WA7  actor: Geraldine Page
movieId: WA7  actor: Kirstin Griffith
movieId: WA7  actor: Mary Beth Hurt
movieId: WA7  actor: Richard Jordan
movieId: WA7  actor: Diane Keaton
movieId: WA7  actor: E.G. Marshall
movieId: WA7  actor: Maureen Stapleton
movieId: WA7  actor: Sam Waterston
movieId: WA8  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: WA8  actor: Diane Keaton
movieId: WA8  actor: s a
movieId: WA8  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: WA8  actor: Mariel Hemingway
movieId: WA8  actor: Michael Murphy
movieId: WA8  actor: Anne Byrne
movieId: WA9  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: WA9  actor: Tony Roberts
movieId: WA9  actor: Charlotte Rampling
movieId: WA9  actor: MarieChristine Barrault
movieId: WA9  actor: Jessica Harper
movieId: WA9  actor: Anne deSalvo
movieId: WA9  actor: Brent Spiner
movieId: WA10  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: WA10  actor: Mary Steenburgen
movieId: WA10  actor: Jose Ferrer
movieId: WA10  actor: Mia Farrow
movieId: WA10  actor: Tony Roberts
movieId: WA10  actor: Julie Hagerty
movieId: WA11  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: WA11  actor: Mia Farrow
movieId: WA11  actor: Patrick Horgan
movieId: WA11  actor: John Buckwalter
movieId: WA11  actor: Marvin Chatinover
movieId: WA11  actor: Stanley Swerdlow
movieId: WA11  actor: Paul Nevens
movieId: WA11  actor: Ellen Garrison
movieId: WA11  actor: Mary Louise Wilson
movieId: WA11  actor: Sol Lomita
movieId: WA11  actor: George Hamlin
movieId: WA11  actor: Stephanie Farrow
movieId: WA11  actor: Howard Erskine
movieId: WA11  actor: Will Holt
movieId: WA11  actor: Ken Chapin
movieId: WA11  actor: Erma Campbell
movieId: WA11  actor: Janine Jackson
movieId: WA11  actor: Bernice Dowis
movieId: WA11  actor: Deborah Rush
movieId: WA11  actor: Robert Berger
movieId: WA11  actor: Susan Sonntag
movieId: WA11  actor: Irving Howe
movieId: WA11  actor: Saul Bellow
movieId: WA11  actor: Bricktop
movieId: WA11  actor: Bruno Bettelheim
movieId: WA11  actor: John Morton Blum
movieId: WA11  actor: Ed Herlihy
movieId: WA12  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: WA12  actor: Mia Farrow
movieId: WA12  actor: Nick Apollo Forte
movieId: WA13  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: WA13  actor: Mia Farrow
movieId: WA13  actor: Michael Caine
movieId: WA13  actor: Barbara Hershey
movieId: WA13  actor: Dianne Wiest
movieId: WA13  actor: Carrie Fisher
movieId: WA13  actor: Lloyd Nolan
movieId: WA13  actor: Maurenn OSullivan
movieId: WA13  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: WA13  actor: Sam Waterston
movieId: WA13  actor: Lee Kronenfeld
movieId: WA13  actor: Daniel Stern
movieId: WA14  actor: Mia Farrow
movieId: WA14  actor: Jeff Daniels
movieId: WA14  actor: Danny Aiello
movieId: WA14  actor: Dianne Wiest
movieId: WA14  actor: Van Johnson
movieId: WA14  actor: Zoe Caldwell
movieId: WA14  actor: John Wood
movieId: WA14  actor: Milo OShea
movieId: WA15  actor: Mia Farrow
movieId: WA15  actor: Seth Green
movieId: WA15  actor: Julie Kavner
movieId: WA15  actor: Joshua Mostel
movieId: WA15  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: WA15  actor: Michael Tucker
movieId: WA15  actor: Dianne Wiest
movieId: WA15  actor: David Warrilow
movieId: WA15  actor: s a
movieId: WA15  actor: Larry Davis
movieId: WA15  actor: Don Pardo
movieId: WA15  actor: Wallace Shawn
movieId: WA15  actor: Diane Keaton
movieId: WA15  actor: Daniel Aiello
movieId: WA15  actor: sa
movieId: WA16  actor: Gena Rowlands
movieId: WA16  actor: Mia Farrow
movieId: WA16  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: WA16  actor: Sandy Dennis
movieId: WA16  actor: Bruce Jay Friedman
movieId: WA16  actor: Harris Yulin
movieId: WA16  actor: Ian Holm
movieId: WA16  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: WA16  actor: Martha Plimpton
movieId: WA16  actor: John Houseman
movieId: WA16  actor: David Ogden Stiers
movieId: WA16  actor: Betty Buckley
movieId: WA16  actor: s a
movieId: WA16  actor: Kenneth Welsh
movieId: WA16  actor: Blythe Danner
movieId: WA16  actor: Philip Bosco
movieId: WA17  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: WA17  actor: Alan Alda
movieId: WA17  actor: Mia Farrow
movieId: WA17  actor: Daryl Hannah
movieId: WA17  actor: Sam Waterston
movieId: WA17  actor: Marin Bergman
movieId: WA17  actor: Anjelica Huston
movieId: WA17  actor: Martin Landau
movieId: WA17  actor: Claire Bloom
movieId: WA17  actor: Jerry Orbach
movieId: WA17  actor: Nora Ephrom
movieId: WA17  actor: Caroline Aaron
movieId: WA17  actor: Sam Waterston
movieId: WA17  actor: Victor Argo
movieId: WA18  actor: Mia Farrow
movieId: WA18  actor: Bob Balaban
movieId: WA18  actor: Key Luke
movieId: WA18  actor: Alec Baldwin
movieId: WA18  actor: Joe Mantegna
movieId: WA18  actor: William Hurt
movieId: WA18  actor: Blythe Danner
movieId: WA18  actor: Bernadette Peters
movieId: WA18  actor: Cybill Sheppherd
movieId: WA18  actor: Gwen Verdon
movieId: WA18  actor: Elle McPherson
movieId: WA18  actor: s a
movieId: WA19  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: WA19  actor: Kathy Bates
movieId: WA19  actor: John Cusack
movieId: WA19  actor: Mia Farrow
movieId: WA19  actor: Jodie Foster
movieId: WA19  actor: Fred Gwynne
movieId: WA19  actor: Julie Kavner
movieId: WA19  actor: Madonna
movieId: WA19  actor: John Malkovich
movieId: WA19  actor: Kenneth Mars
movieId: WA19  actor: David Ogden Stiers
movieId: WA19  actor: Kate Nelligan
movieId: WA19  actor: Donald Pleasance
movieId: WA19  actor: Lily Tomlin
movieId: WA20  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: WA20  actor: Mia Farrow
movieId: WA20  actor: Juliette Lewis
movieId: WA21  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: WA21  actor: Diane Keaton
movieId: WA21  actor: Lynn Cohen
movieId: WA21  actor: Jerry Adler
movieId: WA21  actor: Alan Alda
movieId: WA21  actor: Anjelica Huston
movieId: WA21  actor: Joy Behar
movieId: WA21  actor: Marge Redmond
movieId: WA21  actor: Roy Rifkin
movieId: WA21  actor: Melanie North
movieId: WA21  actor: Zack Braff
movieId: WA21  actor: William Add
movieId: WA21  actor: Aida Turturo
movieId: WA22  actor: John Cusack
movieId: WA22  actor: Dianne Wiest
movieId: WA22  actor: Joe Viterelli
movieId: WA22  actor: Jennifer Tilly
movieId: WA22  actor: Chazz Palminteri
movieId: WA22  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: WA22  actor: Tracey Ullman
movieId: WA22  actor: MarieLouise Parker
movieId: WA22  actor: Jim Broadbent
movieId: WA22  actor: Rob Reiner
movieId: WA22  actor: Harvey Fierstein
movieId: WA22  actor: s a
movieId: WA23  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: WA23  actor: Helena Bonham Carter
movieId: WA23  actor: Mira Sorvino
movieId: WA25  actor: Woody~Allen
movieId: WA25  actor: Julia Roberts
movieId: WA25  actor: Tim Roth
movieId: WA25  actor: Alan Alda
movieId: WA25  actor: Drew Barrymore
movieId: WA25  actor: Goldie Hawn
movieId: WA26  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: WA26  actor: Kirstie Alley
movieId: WA26  actor: Judy Davis
movieId: WA26  actor: Elizabeth Shue
movieId: WA26  actor: Billy Crystal
movieId: WA26  actor: Richard Benjamin
movieId: WA26  actor: Hazelle Goodman
movieId: WA26  actor: Eric Lloyd
movieId: WA26  actor: Bob Balaban
movieId: WA26  actor: Robin Williams
movieId: WA26  actor: Julia LouisDreyfus
movieId: WA27  actor: Woody Allen
movieId: WA27  actor: Hazel Goodman
movieId: WA28  actor: Kenneth Branagh
movieId: WA28  actor: Judy Davis
movieId: WA28  actor: Melanie Griffith
movieId: WA28  actor: Charlize Theron
movieId: WA28  actor: Famke Janssen
movieId: WA28  actor: Winona Ryder
movieId: WA28  actor: Leonardo DiCaprio
movieId: WA28  actor: Bebe Neuwirth
movieId: WA28  actor: Joe Mantegna
movieId: WA28  actor: Michael Lerner
movieId: WA28  actor: Gretchen Mol
movieId: WA28  actor: Sam Rockwell
movieId: WA28  actor: Donald Trump
movieId: WA29  actor: Sean Penn
movieId: WA29  actor: Samantha Morton
movieId: WA30  actor: Tracey Ullman
movieId: WA30  actor: Hugh Grant
movieId: WaB10  actor: Walter Matthau
movieId: WaB10  actor: Julie Andrews
movieId: WaB10  actor: Tony Curtis
movieId: WaB10  actor: Bob Newhart
movieId: WaF10  actor: Jack Hulbert
movieId: WaF10  actor: Cicely Courtneige
movieId: WaF10  actor: Donald Calthrop
movieId: WaF10  actor: Ann Todd
movieId: WaF10  actor: Cyril Raymond
movieId: WaF10  actor: Angela Baddeley
movieId: WaF10  actor: Allan Jeayes
movieId: WaF15  actor: Conrad Veidt
movieId: WaF15  actor: Gordon Harker
movieId: WaF15  actor: Esther Ralston
movieId: WaF15  actor: Joan Barry
movieId: WaF15  actor: Harold Huth
movieId: WaF15  actor: Cedric Harwicke
movieId: WaF15  actor: Donald Calthrop
movieId: WaF15  actor: Hugh Williams
movieId: WaF15  actor: Finlay Currie
movieId: WaF15  actor: Frank Vosper
movieId: WaF15  actor: Muriel Aked
movieId: WaF15  actor: Eliot Makeham
movieId: WaF20  actor: George Robey
movieId: WaF20  actor: Fritz Kortner
movieId: WaF20  actor: Anna May Wong
movieId: WaF20  actor: John Garrick
movieId: WaF20  actor: Sydney Fairbrother
movieId: WaF25  actor: Jack Hulbert
movieId: WaF25  actor: Ralph Richardson
movieId: WaF25  actor: Claude Hulbert
movieId: WaF25  actor: Fay Wray
movieId: WaF25  actor: Athole Fleming
movieId: WaF25  actor: Paul Graetz
movieId: WaF40  actor: Arthur Askey
movieId: WaF40  actor: Ricard Murdoch
movieId: WaF40  actor: Kathleen Harrison
movieId: WaF40  actor: Morland Graham
movieId: WaF40  actor: Linden Traver
movieId: WaF40  actor: Peter Murray Hill
movieId: WaF40  actor: Herbert Lomas
movieId: WaF48  actor: Arthur Askey
movieId: WaF48  actor: Phyllis Calvert
movieId: WaF48  actor: Moore Marriott
movieId: WaF48  actor: Jeanne DeCasalis
movieId: WaF48  actor: Felix Aylmer
movieId: WaF48  actor: Graham Moffatt
movieId: WAr40  actor: Bob Cummins
movieId: WAr40  actor: Dorothy Malone
movieId: WAr40  actor: Annette Funicello
movieId: WAr40  actor: Frankie Avalon
movieId: WAr40  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: WAr40  actor: Harvey Lembeck
movieId: WAr40  actor: Morey Amsterdam
movieId: WAr40  actor: Jody McCrea
movieId: WAr40  actor: Dick Dale
movieId: WAr40  actor: John Ashley
movieId: WAr40  actor: Eva Six
movieId: WAr40  actor: Dolores Wells
movieId: WAr40  actor: Yvette Vickers
movieId: WAr40  actor: Peter Falk
movieId: WAr40  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: WAr40  actor: Brian Wilson
movieId: WAr42  actor: Henry Silva
movieId: WAr42  actor: Elizabeth Montgomery
movieId: WAr42  actor: Jim Backus
movieId: WAr42  actor: Joey Bishop
movieId: WAr42  actor: Brad Dexter
movieId: WAr42  actor: John McGiver
movieId: WAr42  actor: Mort Sahl
movieId: WAr42  actor: Telly Savalas
movieId: WAr42  actor: Sammy Davis~jr,
movieId: WAr42  actor: Joseph Calleia
movieId: WAr42  actor: Douglass Dumbrille
movieId: WAr42  actor: Elisha Cook
movieId: WAr44  actor: Annette Funicello
movieId: WAr44  actor: Frankie Avalon
movieId: WAr44  actor: Luciana Paluzzi
movieId: WAr44  actor: Rock Stevens
movieId: WAr44  actor: Morey Amsterdam
movieId: WAr44  actor: Little Stevie Wonder
movieId: WAr44  actor: Jody McCrea
movieId: WAr44  actor: Donna Loren
movieId: WAr44  actor: Dan Haggerty
movieId: WAr44  actor: Don Rickles
movieId: WAr44  actor: Dick Dale
movieId: WAr44  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: WAr46  actor: Annette Funicello
movieId: WAr46  actor: Frankie Avalon
movieId: WAr46  actor: Frankie Avalon
movieId: WAr46  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: WAr46  actor: Harvey Lembeck
movieId: WAr46  actor: Little Stevie Wonder
movieId: WAr46  actor: Jody McCrea
movieId: WAr46  actor: Donna Loren
movieId: WAr46  actor: John Ashley
movieId: WAr46  actor: Don Rickles
movieId: WAr46  actor: Meredith McCrea
movieId: WAr46  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: WAr46  actor: Val Warren
movieId: WAr50  actor: Annette Funicello
movieId: WAr50  actor: Frankie Avalon
movieId: WAr50  actor: Harvey Lembeck
movieId: WAr50  actor: Linda Evans
movieId: WAr50  actor: Paul Lynde
movieId: WAr50  actor: Jody McCrea
movieId: WAr50  actor: Deborah Walley
movieId: WAr50  actor: John Ashley
movieId: WAr50  actor: Don Rickles
movieId: WAr50  actor: Marta Kirsten
movieId: WAr50  actor: Donna Michelle
movieId: WAr50  actor: Buster Keaton
movieId: WAr50  actor: Earl Wilson
movieId: WAr50  actor: Salli Sachse
movieId: WAr50  actor: Aaron Kincaid
movieId: WAS77  actor: Stan Laurel
movieId: WAS77  actor: Oliver Hardy
movieId: WAS77  actor: Charlie Chase
movieId: WAS77  actor: Mae Busch
movieId: WAS77  actor: Dorothy Christie
movieId: WAS80  actor: Miriam Hopkins
movieId: WAS80  actor: Fay Wray
movieId: WAS80  actor: Joel McCray
movieId: WAS80  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: WAS80  actor: Reginald Denny
movieId: WAS80  actor: Beryl Mercer
movieId: WAS80  actor: George Meeker
movieId: WAS80  actor: Wade Boteler
movieId: WAS80  actor: Herbert Bunston
movieId: WAS80  actor: Burr McIntosh
movieId: WAS80  actor: Edgar Norton
movieId: WAS82  actor: Jean Arthur
movieId: WAS82  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: WAS82  actor: Leo Carillo
movieId: WAS82  actor: Lionel Stander
movieId: WAS82  actor: Frieda Inescort
movieId: WAS83  actor: Irene Dunne
movieId: WAS83  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: WAS83  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: WAS83  actor: Randolph Scott
movieId: WAS83  actor: Helen Westley
movieId: WAS83  actor: Claire Dodd
movieId: WAS83  actor: Victor Varconi
movieId: WAS83  actor: Torben Meyer
movieId: WAS85  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: WAS85  actor: Margeret Sullavan
movieId: WAS85  actor: Charles Butterwoth
movieId: WAS95  actor: Groucho Marx
movieId: WAS95  actor: Chico Marx
movieId: WAS95  actor: Harpo Marx
movieId: WAS95  actor: Lucille Ball
movieId: WAS95  actor: Donald McBride
movieId: WAS95  actor: Frank Albertson
movieId: WAS95  actor: Ann Miller
movieId: WAS95  actor: Philip Loeb
movieId: WAS100  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: WAS100  actor: Joel McCrea
movieId: WAS100  actor: David Niven
movieId: WAS100  actor: Stuart Erwin
movieId: WAS100  actor: Marjorie Weaver
movieId: WAS100  actor: Pauline Moore
movieId: WAS100  actor: Binnie Barnes
movieId: WAS100  actor: Jane Darwell
movieId: WAS100  actor: Leonid Kinskey
movieId: WAS112  actor: Fred Astaire
movieId: WAS112  actor: Rita Hayworth
movieId: WAS112  actor: Adolphe Menjou
movieId: WAS112  actor: Lesli Brooks
movieId: WAS112  actor: Adele Mara
movieId: WAS112  actor: Isobel Elsom
movieId: WAS112  actor: Gus Schilling
movieId: WAS112  actor: Xavier Cugat
movieId: WAS112  actor: Larry Parks
movieId: WAS115  actor: John Wayne
movieId: WAS115  actor: Jean Arthur
movieId: WAS115  actor: Charles Winninger
movieId: WAS115  actor: Phil Silvers
movieId: WAS115  actor: Mary Field
movieId: WAS115  actor: Don Costello
movieId: WAS115  actor: John Philiber
movieId: WAS115  actor: Hans Conried
movieId: WAS125  actor: George Brent
movieId: WAS125  actor: Lucille Ball
movieId: WAS125  actor: Vera Zorina
movieId: WAS125  actor: Charles Winninger
movieId: WAS125  actor: Carl Esmond
movieId: WAS125  actor: Raymond Walburn
movieId: WAS125  actor: Franklin Pangborn
movieId: WAS125  actor: Louise Beavers
movieId: WAS130  actor: Robert Walker
movieId: WAS130  actor: Ava Gardner
movieId: WAS130  actor: Eileen Wilson
movieId: WaW3  actor: Tom Hulce
movieId: WaW3  actor: Virginia Madsen
movieId: WaW3  actor: Lisa Nieme
movieId: WaW3  actor: Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio
movieId: Waw4  actor: Russell Wong
movieId: Waw4  actor: Cora Miao
movieId: Waw4  actor: Eric Tsang Chi Wai
movieId: Waw4  actor: Victor Wang
movieId: Waw4  actor: Lau Siu Ming
movieId: Waw4  actor: Hui Fun
movieId: Waw4  actor: Wu Ming Yu
movieId: Waw4  actor: Lee San Dee
movieId: Waw4  actor: Wong Wei
movieId: Waw4  actor: Philip Chan
movieId: WaW5  actor: Cora Miao
movieId: WaW10  actor: Kieu Chinh
movieId: WaW10  actor: MingNa Wen
movieId: WaW10  actor: s a
movieId: WaW10  actor: Tamlyn Tomita
movieId: WaW10  actor: Vu May
movieId: WaW10  actor: Tsai Chin
movieId: WaW10  actor: Lauren Tom
movieId: WaW10  actor: Lisa Lu
movieId: WaW10  actor: Vivian Wu
movieId: WaW10  actor: Rosalind Chao
movieId: WaW10  actor: France Nuyen
movieId: WaW10  actor: Janet Yang
movieId: WaW10  actor: Yu Fei Hong
movieId: WaW10  actor: Russell Wong
movieId: WaW13  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: WaW13  actor: Giancarlo Esposito
movieId: WaW13  actor: William Hurt
movieId: WaW13  actor: Kobe Zunga, Stockard Channing
movieId: WaW13  actor: Harold Perrineau~jr.
movieId: WaW13  actor: Forest
movieId: WaW13  actor: Victor Argo.
movieId: WaW13  actor: Mary Ward
movieId: WaW14  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: WaW14  actor: Lou Reed
movieId: WaW14  actor: John Lutie
movieId: WaW14  actor: Jim Jarmusch
movieId: WaW15  actor: Jeremy Irons
movieId: WaW15  actor: Gong Li
movieId: WaW15  actor: Reuben Blades
movieId: WaW15  actor: Michael Hui
movieId: WaW15  actor: Maggie Cheung
movieId: WaW16  actor: Susan Sarandon
movieId: WaW16  actor: Natalie Portman
movieId: WaW16  actor: Bonnie Bedalia
movieId: WaW16  actor: Shawn Hatosy
movieId: WaW16  actor: Hart Bochner
movieId: WaW16  actor: Corbin Allred
movieId: WaW16  actor: Victoria Thomas
movieId: WaW16  actor: Caroline Aaron
movieId: WaW16  actor: John Diehl
movieId: WaW16  actor: Heather deLoach
movieId: WaW16  actor: Eileen Ryan
movieId: WaW16  actor: Ashley Johnson
movieId: WaW16  actor: Ray Beck
movieId: WaW16  actor: Heather McComb
movieId: WaW16  actor: Michael Milchan
movieId: WaW20  actor: Jennifer Lopez a
movieId: WaW20  actor: Ralph Fiennes
movieId: WaW20  actor: Natasha Richardson
movieId: WaW20  actor: Tyler Posy
movieId: WaW20  actor: Bob Hoskins
movieId: WaW20  actor: sa
movieId: WaW20  actor: Priscilla Lopez
movieId: WaW20  actor: Chris Eigemann
movieId: WaW20  actor: Saundra McClain
movieId: WBe1  actor: Julie Christie
movieId: WBe1  actor: James Mason
movieId: WBe1  actor: Jack Warden
movieId: WBe1  actor: Charles Grodin
movieId: WBe1  actor: Dyan Cannon
movieId: WBe1  actor: Buck Henry
movieId: WBe1  actor: Vincent Gardenia
movieId: WBe1  actor: Joseph Maher
movieId: WBe2  actor: Warren Beatty
movieId: WBe2  actor: Diane Keaton
movieId: WBe2  actor: Edward Herrmann
movieId: WBe2  actor: Jerzy Kosinski
movieId: WBe2  actor: Jack Nicholson
movieId: WBe2  actor: Maureen Stapleton
movieId: WBe2  actor: Paul Sorvino
movieId: WBe2  actor: Max Wright
movieId: WBe2  actor: Rebecca West
movieId: WBe2  actor: Henry Miller
movieId: WBe2  actor: Dora Russell
movieId: WBe10  actor: Warren Beatty
movieId: WBe10  actor: Madonna
movieId: WBe10  actor: Glenne Headley
movieId: WBe10  actor: Mandy Patinkin
movieId: WBe10  actor: Al Pacino
movieId: WBe10  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: WBe10  actor: John Caglione~jr
movieId: WBe10  actor: Doug Drexler
movieId: WBe10  actor: Charlie Korsmar
movieId: WBe10  actor: Estelle Parsons
movieId: WBe10  actor: Charles Durning
movieId: WBe10  actor: James Caan
movieId: WBe10  actor: s a
movieId: WBe10  actor: Dick vanDyke
movieId: WBe15  actor: Warren Beatty
movieId: WBe15  actor: Oliver Platt
movieId: WBe15  actor: Halle Berrie
movieId: WBe15  actor: Don Cheadle
movieId: WBe15  actor: Paul Sorvino
movieId: WBo10  actor: Alfons Haider
movieId: WBo10  actor: Alan Delon
movieId: WBo10  actor: Marisa Mell
movieId: WBz13  actor: Lise Danvers
movieId: WBz13  actor: Charlotte Alexandra
movieId: WBz13  actor: Paloma Picasso
movieId: WBz13  actor: Florence Bellamy
movieId: WCl19  actor: James Stephenson
movieId: WCl19  actor: Margot Stevenson
movieId: WCl19  actor: Henry ONeill
movieId: WCl19  actor: Ed Brophy
movieId: WCl19  actor: Ralph Forbes
movieId: WCl19  actor: Martin Kosleck
movieId: WCM2  actor: Edmund Lowe
movieId: WCM2  actor: Howard Philips
movieId: WCM2  actor: Lois Mran
movieId: WCM2  actor: George E. Stone
movieId: WCM2  actor: El Brendel
movieId: WCM6  actor: Raymond Massey
movieId: WCM6  actor: Ralph Richardson
movieId: WCM6  actor: Cedric Hardwicke
movieId: WCM6  actor: Edward Chapman
movieId: WCM6  actor: Margaretta Scott
movieId: WCM6  actor: Sophie Stewart
movieId: WCM6  actor: Derrick deMarney
movieId: WCM6  actor: John Clemente
movieId: WCM22  actor: Paul Lukas
movieId: WCM22  actor: Peter vanEyck
movieId: WCM22  actor: Mady Christians
movieId: WCM22  actor: Emory Powell
movieId: WCM22  actor: Morris Carnovsky
movieId: WCM32  actor: Helena Carter
movieId: WCM32  actor: Arthur Franz
movieId: WCM32  actor: Leif Erickson
movieId: WCM32  actor: Hilary Brooke
movieId: WCM32  actor: Jimmy Hunt
movieId: WCo10  actor: Connie Stevens
movieId: WCo10  actor: Cesar Romero
movieId: WCo10  actor: Dean Jones
movieId: WCo10  actor: John Hoyt
movieId: WCo10  actor: Virginia Gregg
movieId: WCr4  actor: David Hess
movieId: WCr4  actor: Jeremy Rain
movieId: WCr4  actor: Fred Lincoln
movieId: WCr5  actor: James Whitworth
movieId: WCr5  actor: s a
movieId: WCr5  actor: Michael Berryman
movieId: WCr5  actor: s a
movieId: WCr5  actor: s a
movieId: WCr5  actor: s a
movieId: WCr5  actor: sr
movieId: WCr5  actor: sr
movieId: WCr5  actor: Susan Lanier
movieId: WCr5  actor: Dee Wallace
movieId: WCr5  actor: Robert Houston
movieId: WCr5  actor: Martin Speer
movieId: WCr6  actor: Linda Blair
movieId: WCr10  actor: Adrienne Barbeau
movieId: WCr10  actor: Louis Jourdan
movieId: WCr10  actor: Ray Wise
movieId: WCr10  actor: Dick Duroc
movieId: WCr10  actor: David Hess
movieId: WCr10  actor: Nicholas Worth
movieId: WCr15  actor: Robert Englund
movieId: WCr15  actor: John Saxon
movieId: WCr15  actor: Ronee Blakely
movieId: WCr15  actor: Heather Langenkamp
movieId: WCr15  actor: Amanda Wyss
movieId: WCr15  actor: Nick Corri
movieId: WCr20  actor: s a
movieId: WCr20  actor: Dick Duroc
movieId: WCr22  actor: Michael Sharret
movieId: WCr22  actor: Anne Towmey
movieId: WCr22  actor: Anne Ramsey
movieId: WCr22  actor: Richard Marcus
movieId: WCr22  actor: Kirsty Swanson
movieId: WCr22  actor: Ross Martin
movieId: WCr22  actor: L. Paul
movieId: WCr22  actor: Matt Loborteax Das
movieId: WCr22  actor: s a
movieId: WCr22  actor: s a
movieId: WCr40  actor: Robert Englund
movieId: WCr40  actor: Freddie Kruger
movieId: WCr40  actor: Heather Langenkamp
movieId: WCr40  actor: Miko Hugher
movieId: WCr42  actor: Angela Bassett
movieId: WCr42  actor: Eddie Murphie
movieId: WCr44  actor: Drew Barrymore
movieId: WCr44  actor: Neve Campbell
movieId: WCr44  actor: Courteney Cox
movieId: WCr44  actor: David Arquette
movieId: WCr44  actor: Matthew Lillard
movieId: WCr46  actor: Neve Campbell
movieId: WCr48  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: WCr48  actor: Angela Bassett
movieId: WCr48  actor: Aidan Quinn
movieId: WCr48  actor: Cloris Leachman
movieId: WCr48  actor: Josh Pais
movieId: WCr49  actor: Eddie Murphy
movieId: WCr49  actor: John Witherspoon
movieId: WD102  actor: Dickie Jones
movieId: WD102  actor: Christian Rub
movieId: WD102  actor: Cliff Edwards
movieId: WDM3  actor: Agnes deMille
movieId: WDM5  actor: Conrad Nagel
movieId: WDM5  actor: Lillian Tucker
movieId: WDM5  actor: Charles Ogle
movieId: WDM5  actor: Guy Oliver
movieId: WDM5  actor: Winter Hall
movieId: WDM5  actor: Claire McDowell
movieId: WDT10  actor: Roscoe Fattie Arbuckle
movieId: WDT10  actor: Mabel Norman
movieId: WDT19  actor: Mary Pickford
movieId: WDT19  actor: Anne Schaefer
movieId: WDT19  actor: Fred Huntley
movieId: WDT19  actor: Monte Blue
movieId: WDT19  actor: Douglas MacLean
movieId: WDT19  actor: Emory Johnson
movieId: WDT19  actor: Wallace Beery
movieId: WDT19  actor: June Prentis
movieId: WDT19  actor: Jean Prentis
movieId: WDT27  actor: Mary Miles
movieId: WeA10  actor: Jason Schwartzman
movieId: WeA10  actor: Bill Murray
movieId: WeA10  actor: Olivia Williams
movieId: WeA10  actor: Luke Wilson
movieId: WeA10  actor: s a
movieId: WEd10  actor: Vince Kelly
movieId: WFo10  actor: Willi Forst
movieId: WFo15  actor: Willi Forst
movieId: WFo15  actor: Lizzi Waldmuller
movieId: WFr10  actor: Arthur Kennedy
movieId: WFr10  actor: Phyllis Thaxter
movieId: WFr10  actor: Tisha Sterling
movieId: WFr11  actor: Andrew Duggan
movieId: WFr11  actor: Elsa Lanchester
movieId: WFr11  actor: John Hoyt
movieId: WFr11  actor: Arthur Malet
movieId: WFr11  actor: Michael Pate
movieId: WFr12  actor: Peter Lawford
movieId: WFr12  actor: Roger C. Carmel
movieId: WFr13  actor: Sally Kellerman
movieId: WFr13  actor: Ron Randall
movieId: WFr13  actor: Michael Pate
movieId: WFr13  actor: John Carradine
movieId: WFr14  actor: John Gavin
movieId: WFr14  actor: Indus Arthur
movieId: WFr14  actor: Tom Drake
movieId: WFr14  actor: sa
movieId: WFr14  actor: sa
movieId: WFr35  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: WFr35  actor: Roy Scheider
movieId: WFr35  actor: Fernando Rey
movieId: WFr35  actor: Tony LoBianco
movieId: WFr35  actor: Marcel Bozzuffi
movieId: WFr35  actor: Frederic dePasquale
movieId: WFr35  actor: Harold Gary
movieId: WFr35  actor: Arlene Farber
movieId: WFr35  actor: Eddie Egan
movieId: WFr35  actor: Bill Hickman
movieId: WFr35  actor: Ann Rebbot
movieId: WFr35  actor: Pat McDermott
movieId: WFr36  actor: Ellen Bursteyn
movieId: WFr36  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: WFr36  actor: Jason Miller
movieId: WFr36  actor: Linda Blair
movieId: WFr36  actor: Lee J. Cobb
movieId: WFr36  actor: Kitty Winn
movieId: WFr36  actor: Jack McGowran
movieId: WFr38  actor: Kenneth Nelson
movieId: WFr38  actor: Frederick Combs
movieId: WFr38  actor: Cliff Gorman
movieId: WFr39  actor: Roy Scheider
movieId: WFr39  actor: Bruno Cremer
movieId: WFr39  actor: Francisco Rabal
movieId: WFr39  actor: Amidou
movieId: WFr39  actor: Ramon Bieri
movieId: WFr42  actor: Al Pacino
movieId: WFr42  actor: Karen Allen
movieId: WFr42  actor: Paul Sorvino
movieId: WFr45  actor: Chevy Chase
movieId: WFr45  actor: Sigourney Weaver
movieId: WFr45  actor: Gregory Hines
movieId: WFr60  actor: William L. Petersen
movieId: WFr60  actor: Willem Dafoe
movieId: WFr60  actor: John Pankow
movieId: WFr60  actor: Debra Feuer
movieId: WFr60  actor: John Turtorro
movieId: WFr60  actor: Darlanne Fluegel
movieId: WFr60  actor: Dean Stockwell
movieId: WFr60  actor: Robert Downey
movieId: WFr70  actor: s a
movieId: WFr70  actor: s a
movieId: WFr70  actor: s a
movieId: WFr70  actor: s a
movieId: WFr75  actor: David Caruso
movieId: WFr79  actor: Samuel Jackson
movieId: WFr79  actor: Tommy Lee Jones
movieId: WFx10  actor: Bela Lugosi
movieId: WGi5  actor: Christopher George
movieId: WGi5  actor: Andrew Prine
movieId: WGi5  actor: Richard Jaeckel
movieId: WGi10  actor: Christopher George
movieId: WGi10  actor: Leslie Nielsen
movieId: WGi10  actor: Lynda Day George
movieId: WGi10  actor: Richard Jaeckel
movieId: WGi10  actor: Michael Ansara
movieId: WGi10  actor: Ruth Roman
movieId: WGi15  actor: Tony Curtis
movieId: WGi15  actor: Stella Stevens
movieId: WGi15  actor: Michael Ansara
movieId: WGi15  actor: Susan Strasberg
movieId: WGi15  actor: Ann Sothern
movieId: WGi15  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: WGo10  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: WGo10  actor: Fay Holden
movieId: WGo10  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: WGo10  actor: Cecelia Parker
movieId: WGo10  actor: Sara Haden
movieId: WGo10  actor: Ann Rutherford
movieId: WGo10  actor: Bonita Granville
movieId: WGr10  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: WGr10  actor: Pamelyn Ferdin
movieId: WGr10  actor: Gene Tierney
movieId: WGr10  actor: Don Murray
movieId: WGr10  actor: Ed Asner
movieId: WGr10  actor: George Macready
movieId: WGr10  actor: John Carradine
movieId: WGr10  actor: Virginia Christine
movieId: WGr50  actor: Kathleen Beller
movieId: WGr50  actor: Blythe Danner
movieId: WGr50  actor: Dennis Quaid
movieId: WGr50  actor: Scott Colomby
movieId: WGr50  actor: Tony Bill
movieId: WGr50  actor: Robin Matson
movieId: WGr50  actor: Tricia ONeil
movieId: WGr50  actor: Alan Fudge
movieId: WHa8  actor: s a
movieId: WHB10  actor: s a
movieId: WHB10  actor: Warren Berlinger
movieId: WHB10  actor: Adam Rourke
movieId: WHB10  actor: Grim Russo
movieId: WHB10  actor: H.B. Haggerty
movieId: WHB10  actor: Martin Kove
movieId: WHB10  actor: Latimer
movieId: WHB10  actor: E.J. Peake
movieId: WH3  actor: Helmut D\"oring
movieId: WH5  actor: Klaus Kinski
movieId: WH5  actor: Ruy Guerra
movieId: WH5  actor: Helena Rojo
movieId: WH5  actor: Cecilia Rivera
movieId: WH9  actor: Klaus Kinski
movieId: WH9  actor: Bruno Ganz
movieId: WH9  actor: Isabelle Adjani
movieId: WH9  actor: Walter Ladengast
movieId: WH30  actor: Vittorio Mezzogiorno
movieId: WH30  actor: Stegan Glowacz
movieId: WH30  actor: Mathilda May
movieId: WH30  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: WH38  actor: Klaus Kinski
movieId: WHj1  actor: Wendell Harris~jr
movieId: WKH44  actor: Robert Montgomery
movieId: WKH44  actor: Helen Hayes
movieId: WKH44  actor: May Robson
movieId: WKH44  actor: Otto Kruger
movieId: WKH44  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: WKH44  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: WKH44  actor: Violet KempleCooper
movieId: WKH44  actor: Jessie Ralph
movieId: WHl1  actor: James Coburn
movieId: WHl1  actor: Charles Bronson
movieId: WHl1  actor: Strother Martin
movieId: WHl1  actor: Jill Ireland
movieId: WHl2  actor: Ryan ONeal
movieId: WHl2  actor: Bruce Dern
movieId: WHl2  actor: Isabelle Adjani
movieId: WHl2  actor: Ronee Blakley
movieId: WHl4  actor: Michael Beck
movieId: WHl4  actor: Deborah VanValkenburgh
movieId: WHl4  actor: David Patrick Kelly
movieId: WHl4  actor: David Harris
movieId: WHl4  actor: James Remar
movieId: WHl4  actor: Thomas Waites
movieId: WHl4  actor: Dorsey Wright
movieId: WHl4  actor: Roger Hill
movieId: WHl4  actor: Marcelino Sanchez
movieId: WHl4  actor: Brian Tyler
movieId: WHl6  actor: Stacy Keach
movieId: WHl6  actor: James Keach
movieId: WHl6  actor: David Carradine
movieId: WHl6  actor: Keith Carradine
movieId: WHl6  actor: Robert Carradine
movieId: WHl6  actor: Randy Quaid
movieId: WHl6  actor: Dennis Quaid
movieId: WHl6  actor: Christopher Guest
movieId: WHl6  actor: Nicholas Guest
movieId: WHl6  actor: Pamela Reed
movieId: WHl8  actor: Keith Carradine
movieId: WHl8  actor: Powers Boothe
movieId: WHl8  actor: Fred Ward
movieId: WHl8  actor: T.K. Carter
movieId: WHl8  actor: Lewis Smith
movieId: WHl8  actor: Les Lannow
movieId: WHl8  actor: Peter Coyote
movieId: WHl8  actor: Carlos Brown
movieId: WHl8  actor: Brion James
movieId: WHl10  actor: Eddie Murphy
movieId: WHl10  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: WHl10  actor: James Remar
movieId: WHl10  actor: Annette OToole
movieId: WHl10  actor: s a
movieId: WHl10  actor: s a
movieId: WHl10  actor: s a
movieId: WHl15  actor: Michael Pare
movieId: WHl15  actor: Diane Lane
movieId: WHl15  actor: Amy Madigan
movieId: WHl15  actor: Rick Morena
movieId: WHl15  actor: William D
movieId: WHl15  actor: Richard Lawson
movieId: WHl15  actor: Rick Rossridge
movieId: WHl20  actor: Eddie Murphy
movieId: WHl20  actor: Nick Nolte
movieId: WHl20  actor: s a
movieId: WHl30  actor: Bill Paxton
movieId: WHl30  actor: William Sadler
movieId: WHl30  actor: Ice-T
movieId: WHl30  actor: Ice Cube
movieId: WHl30  actor: Bruce A. Young
movieId: WHl30  actor: Art Evans
movieId: WHl30  actor: Stoney Jackson
movieId: WHl30  actor: Tico Welt
movieId: WHl32  actor: Wes Studi
movieId: WHl32  actor: Jason Patric
movieId: WHl32  actor: Robert Duvall
movieId: WHl32  actor: Gene Hackman
movieId: WHl32  actor: Kevin Tighe
movieId: WHl32  actor: Matt Damon
movieId: WhR10  actor: Treat Williams
movieId: WhR10  actor: Seymour Cassel
movieId: WhR10  actor: Paul Schulze
movieId: WhS1  actor: Edward Clements
movieId: WhS3  actor: Terence Stamp
movieId: WhS3  actor: Hugo Weaving
movieId: WhS3  actor: Guy Pearce
movieId: WhS5  actor: Kate Beckinsdale
movieId: WhS5  actor: Chloe Sevigny
movieId: WhS5  actor: Chris Eigeman
movieId: WhS5  actor: Mackenzie Astin
movieId: WhS5  actor: Matt Keeslar
movieId: Whu1  actor: William Hartnell
movieId: Whu1  actor: William Russell
movieId: WHu7  actor: Gene Wilder
movieId: WHu7  actor: Margot Kidder
movieId: WHu7  actor: Eileen Colgen
movieId: WHu7  actor: Seamus Ford
movieId: WHu10  actor: Keith Mitchell
movieId: WHu10  actor: Frances Cuka
movieId: WHu10  actor: Charlotte Rampling
movieId: WHu10  actor: Jane Asher
movieId: WHu10  actor: Jenny Bos
movieId: WHu10  actor: Lynne Frederick
movieId: WHu10  actor: Barbara LeighHunt
movieId: WHu10  actor: Donald Pleasence
movieId: WHu14  actor: Jason Miller
movieId: WHu14  actor: David Spielberg
movieId: WHu14  actor: Christine Lahti
movieId: WHu17  actor: Joseph Bologna
movieId: WHu17  actor: Barry Manilow
movieId: WHu17  actor: Anette OToole
movieId: WHu17  actor: Estelle Getty
movieId: WHu27  actor: Lena Headey
movieId: WHu27  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: WHu27  actor: Julie Walters
movieId: WHu27  actor: Joan Plowright
movieId: WHu27  actor: Roger Lloyd Pack
movieId: WHu27  actor: John Wood
movieId: WHu27  actor: Padraig Casey
movieId: WHu27  actor: Tom Duggan
movieId: WHu27  actor: Claudine Auger
movieId: Whu29  actor: Kellie Martin
movieId: Whu29  actor: s a
movieId: Whu29  actor: s a
movieId: WHW10  actor: Ralph Meeker
movieId: WHW10  actor: Nancy Davis
movieId: WHW10  actor: James Whitmore
movieId: WHW10  actor: Eduard Franz
movieId: WHW10  actor: Jean Hagen
movieId: WiB25  actor: Mary Pickford
movieId: WiB25  actor: William Haines
movieId: WiB25  actor: Walter James
movieId: WiB25  actor: Gordon Griffith
movieId: WiB25  actor: Carlo Schipa
movieId: WiB25  actor: Spec ODonnell
movieId: WiB100  actor: Billy Gilbert
movieId: WiB100  actor: Shemp Howard
movieId: WiB100  actor: Maxie 'Slapsie' Rosenbloom
movieId: WiB100  actor: Minerva Urecal
movieId: WiB180  actor: Roland Winters
movieId: WiB183  actor: Roland Winters
movieId: WiB186  actor: Roland Winters
movieId: WiB190  actor: Roland Winters
movieId: WiB199  actor: Sammy Petrillo
movieId: WiB199  actor: Bela Lugosi
movieId: WiB199  actor: Duke Mitchell
movieId: WiC30  actor: William Prince
movieId: WiC30  actor: Jim Backus
movieId: WiC30  actor: Ellen Corby
movieId: WiC30  actor: Christine White
movieId: WiC50  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: WiC50  actor: Carol Ohmart
movieId: WiC50  actor: Richard Long
movieId: WiC50  actor: Herbert Lom
movieId: WiC51  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: WiC51  actor: Darryl Hickman
movieId: WiC51  actor: Philip Coolidge
movieId: WiC51  actor: s a
movieId: WiC55  actor: Jean Arless
movieId: WiC55  actor: Jean Arless
movieId: WiC55  actor: Richard Rust
movieId: WiC55  actor: Glenn Corbett
movieId: WiC55  actor: Patricia Breslin
movieId: WiC55  actor: Eugene Leontovich
movieId: WiC55  actor: Alan Bunce
movieId: WiC55  actor: James Westerfield
movieId: WiC55  actor: Hope Summers
movieId: WiC60  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: WiC60  actor: Diane Baker
movieId: WiC60  actor: Leif Erickson
movieId: WiC70  actor: Marcel Marceau
movieId: WiC90  actor: Christopher Geoge
movieId: WiC90  actor: Monte Markham
movieId: WiC90  actor: Greta Baldwin
movieId: WiC90  actor: Henry Jones
movieId: WiC90  actor: Key Luke
movieId: WiD10  actor: Fred Ward
movieId: WiD10  actor: Peter Coyote
movieId: WiD10  actor: Belinda Bauer
movieId: WiD10  actor: L.Q. Jones
movieId: WiD10  actor: Ed Lauter
movieId: WiD10  actor: Richard Masur
movieId: WiD10  actor: Tracey Walter
movieId: WiD20  actor: Danny Glover
movieId: WiD20  actor: Brenda Flicker
movieId: WiD20  actor: Tony Danza
movieId: WiD20  actor: Christopher Lloyd
movieId: WiD20  actor: Joseph GordonLevitt
movieId: WiD20  actor: Ben Johnson
movieId: WiF10  actor: Colin Gibson
movieId: WiF10  actor: Lesley Dudley
movieId: WiF10  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: WiF10  actor: Moira Lister
movieId: WiF10  actor: Wilfrid Hyde White
movieId: WiF10  actor: Sidney James
movieId: WiF10  actor: Andrew Cruickshank
movieId: WiG10  actor: Elvis Presley
movieId: WiG10  actor: Mary Tyler Moore
movieId: WiG10  actor: Barbara McNair
movieId: WiG10  actor: Leora Dana
movieId: WiG10  actor: Jane Elliott
movieId: WiG10  actor: Ed Asner
movieId: WiG15  actor: Stuart Whitman
movieId: WiG15  actor: Vera Miles
movieId: WiG15  actor: Lew Ayres
movieId: WiG15  actor: Mercedes McCambridge
movieId: WiG15  actor: Pearl Bailey
movieId: WiG15  actor: Lee Grant
movieId: WiG15  actor: Michael Rennie
movieId: WiG15  actor: Connie Stevens
movieId: WiG15  actor: Phil Harris
movieId: WiG15  actor: Cesar Romero
movieId: WiH10  actor: David Janssen
movieId: WiH10  actor: Trish VanDevere
movieId: WiH10  actor: Benjamin Bottoms
movieId: WiH10  actor: Joseph Bottoms
movieId: WiH10  actor: Allan Arbus
movieId: WiH10  actor: Jamie Smith Jackson
movieId: WiH10  actor: Fran Ryan
movieId: WiH10  actor: Marcia Warner
movieId: WiW1  actor: Ruediger Vogler
movieId: WiW1  actor: Hanns Zischler
movieId: WiW4  actor: Dennis Hopper
movieId: WiW4  actor: Bruno Ganz
movieId: WiW4  actor: Lisa Kreuzer
movieId: WiW4  actor: Gerald Blain
movieId: WiW4  actor: Sam Fuller
movieId: WiW4  actor: Nicholas Ray
movieId: WiW9  actor: Frederic Forrest
movieId: WiW9  actor: Peter Boyle
movieId: WiW9  actor: Marilu Henner
movieId: WiW9  actor: Roy Kinnear
movieId: WiW9  actor: Elisha Cook~jr
movieId: WiW9  actor: R.G. Armstrong
movieId: WiW9  actor: Richard Bradford
movieId: WiW9  actor: Sylvia Sidney
movieId: WiW9  actor: Royal Dano
movieId: WiW9  actor: Samuel Fuller
movieId: WiW12  actor: Harry Dean Stanton
movieId: WiW12  actor: Nastassja Kinski
movieId: WiW12  actor: Hunter Carson
movieId: WiW12  actor: Dean Stockwell
movieId: WiW12  actor: Aurore Clement
movieId: WiW12  actor: Bernard Wicki
movieId: WiW20  actor: Bruno Ganz
movieId: WiW20  actor: Solveig Dommartin
movieId: WiW20  actor: Otto Sandler
movieId: WiW20  actor: Curt Bois
movieId: WiW20  actor: Peter Falk
movieId: WiW25  actor: William Hurt
movieId: WiW25  actor: Sam Neil
movieId: WiW25  actor: Jeanne Moreau
movieId: WiW25  actor: Max vonSydow
movieId: WiW25  actor: Solveig Dommartin
movieId: WiW27  actor: Traci Lind
movieId: WiW27  actor: Bill Pullman
movieId: WiW27  actor: Gabriel Byrne
movieId: WiW27  actor: Andy MacDowell
movieId: WiW27  actor: s a
movieId: WiW29  actor: Meg Ryan
movieId: WiW29  actor: Nicolas Cage
movieId: WiW29  actor: Dennis Franz
movieId: WiW29  actor: Andre Braugher
movieId: WiW29  actor: Joanna Merlin
movieId: WiW29  actor: Colm Feore
movieId: WiW30  actor: Ry Cooder
movieId: WiW30  actor: Ibrahim Ferrer
movieId: WiW30  actor: Compay Segundo
movieId: WjH10  actor: Zbibniew Cybulski
movieId: WjH10  actor: Iga Cembrzynska
movieId: WjH10  actor: Joanna Jedryka
movieId: WjH10  actor: Aleksander Fogiel
movieId: WjH10  actor: Slawomir Linder
movieId: WjH10  actor: Kazimierz Opalinki
movieId: WjH10  actor: Barbara Krafftoowna
movieId: WKD50  actor: s a
movieId: WKH14  actor: Paul Muni
movieId: WKH14  actor: Marguerite Churchill
movieId: WKH14  actor: John Mack Brown
movieId: WKH14  actor: Dewitt Jennings
movieId: WKH35  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: WKH35  actor: Colleen Moore
movieId: WKH35  actor: Ralph morgan
movieId: WKH35  actor: Helen Vinson
movieId: WKH45  actor: Sylvia Sidney
movieId: WKH45  actor: Melvyn Douglas
movieId: WKH45  actor: Alan Baxter
movieId: WKH45  actor: Pert Kelton
movieId: WKH45  actor: Wallace Ford
movieId: WKH45  actor: Brian Donlevy
movieId: WKH45  actor: Esther Dale
movieId: WKH50  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: WKH50  actor: Vivien Leigh
movieId: WKH50  actor: Flora Robson
movieId: WKH50  actor: Raymond Massey
movieId: WKH52  actor: Carole Lombard
movieId: WKH52  actor: Fred McMurray
movieId: WKH52  actor: Alison Skipworth
movieId: WKl10  actor: Dorothy MacGowan
movieId: WKl10  actor: Jean Rochefort
movieId: WKl10  actor: Sami Frey
movieId: WKl10  actor: Philippe Noiret
movieId: WKl10  actor: Delphine Seyrig
movieId: WKl30  actor: Andre Dussollier
movieId: WKl30  actor: Eddie Constantine
movieId: WKl40  actor: Grace Jones
movieId: WKl40  actor: Kenzo
movieId: WKl40  actor: Agnes B. Castelbajac
movieId: WKl40  actor: Gaultier
movieId: WKl40  actor: Claude Montana
movieId: WKl41  actor: Bj\"orn Borg
movieId: WKl41  actor: Yannick Noah
movieId: WKl41  actor: John McEnroe
movieId: WKl41  actor: Ilie Nastase
movieId: WKl41  actor: Chris Evert
movieId: WKl41  actor: Jimmy Connors
movieId: WKl41  actor: Ivan Lendl
movieId: WLa14  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: WLa14  actor: Warner Baxter
movieId: WLa14  actor: Virginia Bruce
movieId: WLa14  actor: Jane Darwell
movieId: WLa14  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: WLa14  actor: Maurice Cass
movieId: WLa14  actor: Minna Gombell
movieId: WLa14  actor: Elisha Cook~jr.
movieId: WLa14  actor: Lon Chaney~jr.
movieId: WLa18  actor: Shirley Temple
movieId: WLa18  actor: Richard Greene
movieId: WLa18  actor: Anita Louise
movieId: WLa18  actor: Ian Hunter
movieId: WLa18  actor: Cesar Romero
movieId: WLa18  actor: Arthur Treacher
movieId: WLa18  actor: Mary Nash
movieId: WLa18  actor: Sybil Jason
movieId: WLa18  actor: Miles Mander
movieId: WLa18  actor: Marcia Mae Jones
movieId: WLa18  actor: Beryl Mercer
movieId: WLa18  actor: E.E. Clive
movieId: WLa19  actor: Shirley Temple
movieId: WLa19  actor: Johnny Russel
movieId: WLa19  actor: Gale Sondergaard
movieId: WLa19  actor: Eddie Collins
movieId: WLa19  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: WLa19  actor: Spring Byington
movieId: WLa20  actor: Linda Darnell
movieId: WLa20  actor: John Payne
movieId: WLa20  actor: Roland Young
movieId: WLa20  actor: Mary Beth Hughes
movieId: WLa20  actor: Donald Meek
movieId: WLa21  actor: John Barrymore
movieId: WLa21  actor: Mary Beth Hughes
movieId: WLa21  actor: Gregory Ratoff
movieId: WLa21  actor: Anne Baxter
movieId: WLa21  actor: John Payne
movieId: WLa21  actor: Lionel Atwill
movieId: WLa21  actor: Edward Brophy
movieId: WLa22  actor: Alice Faye
movieId: WLa22  actor: Betty Grable
movieId: WLa22  actor: John Payne
movieId: WLa22  actor: Jack Oakie
movieId: WLa22  actor: John Loder
movieId: WLa22  actor: Allen Jenkins
movieId: WLa22  actor: Esther Ralston
movieId: WLa22  actor: The Nicholas Brothers
movieId: WLa22  actor: Elisha Cokk~jr.
movieId: WLa23  actor: Don Ameche
movieId: WLa23  actor: Betty Grable
movieId: WLa23  actor: Carole Landis
movieId: WLa23  actor: Charlotte Greenwood
movieId: WLa23  actor: Jack Haley
movieId: WLa23  actor: Robert Greig
movieId: WLa23  actor: Cobina Wright~jr.
movieId: WLa23  actor: Robert Cummins
movieId: WLa24  actor: Alice Faye
movieId: WLa24  actor: John Payne
movieId: WLa24  actor: Carmen Miranda
movieId: WLa24  actor: Cesar Romero
movieId: WLa24  actor: Cobina Wright~jr
movieId: WLa24  actor: George Barbier
movieId: WLa24  actor: Sheldon Leonard
movieId: WLa24  actor: Leonid Kinsky
movieId: WLa27  actor: Betty Grable
movieId: WLa27  actor: George Montgomery
movieId: WLa27  actor: Cesar Romero
movieId: WLa27  actor: Charles Winninger
movieId: WLa27  actor: Phil Silvers
movieId: WLa27  actor: Paul Hurst
movieId: WLa28  actor: Carmen Miranda
movieId: WLa28  actor: Don Ameche
movieId: WLa36  actor: Sara Allgood
movieId: WLa38  actor: Danny Kaye
movieId: WLa38  actor: Corinne Calvet
movieId: WLa38  actor: Gene Tierney
movieId: WLa38  actor: Marcel Dalio
movieId: WLa38  actor: Jean Murat
movieId: WLa41  actor: Ethel Merman
movieId: WLa41  actor: Dan Daily
movieId: WLa41  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: WLa41  actor: Donald OConnor
movieId: WLa41  actor: Johnnie Ray
movieId: WLa41  actor: Mitzi Gaynor
movieId: WLa41  actor: Hugh OBrian
movieId: WLa41  actor: Frank McHugh
movieId: WLa41  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: WLa42  actor: Deborah Kerr
movieId: WLa42  actor: Yul Brynner
movieId: WLa42  actor: Rita Moreno
movieId: WLa42  actor: Martin Benson
movieId: WLa42  actor: Alan Mowbray
movieId: WLa42  actor: Geoffrey Toone
movieId: WLa42  actor: Terry Saunders
movieId: WLa42  actor: Marian Nixon
movieId: WLa43  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: WLa43  actor: Katherine Hepburn
movieId: WLa43  actor: Joan Blondell
movieId: WLa43  actor: Gig Young
movieId: WLa43  actor: Dina Merrill
movieId: WLa45  actor: Frank Sinatra
movieId: WLa45  actor: Shirley MacLaine
movieId: WLa45  actor: Maurice Chevalier
movieId: WLa45  actor: Louis Jourdan
movieId: WLa45  actor: Juliet Prowse
movieId: WLa45  actor: Marcel Dalio
movieId: WLa45  actor: Leon Belasco
movieId: WLa45  actor: s a
movieId: WLa50  actor: Carol Heiss
movieId: WLa50  actor: Moe Howard
movieId: WLa50  actor: Larry Fine
movieId: WLa50  actor: Joe deRita
movieId: WLa50  actor: Edson Stroll
movieId: WLa50  actor: Patricia Medina
movieId: WLa50  actor: Edgar Barrier
movieId: WlB10  actor: Morgan Conway
movieId: WlB10  actor: Anne Jeffreys
movieId: WlB10  actor: Jane Greer
movieId: WlB10  actor: Mike Mazurki
movieId: WlB10  actor: Lyle Latell
movieId: WlB10  actor: Joseph Crehan
movieId: WlB10  actor: Trevor Bardette
movieId: WlB12  actor: Johnny Weissmuller
movieId: WlB12  actor: Virginia Grey
movieId: WlB12  actor: George Reeves
movieId: WlB14  actor: Glenn Langan
movieId: WlB14  actor: Adele Jergens
movieId: WlB14  actor: Steve Brodie
movieId: WlB14  actor: Robert Jordan
movieId: WlB14  actor: Michael Whalen
movieId: WlB20  actor: Cesar Romero
movieId: WlB20  actor: Acquanetta
movieId: WlB20  actor: Rod Cameron
movieId: WlB20  actor: Marie Windsor
movieId: WlC10  actor: William Marshall
movieId: WlC10  actor: Vonetta McGee
movieId: WlC10  actor: Denise Nichols
movieId: WlC10  actor: Gordon Pinsent
movieId: WlC10  actor: Charles Macaulay
movieId: WlD3  actor: Wilhelm Dieterle
movieId: WlD5  actor: Richard Barthelmess
movieId: WlD5  actor: Helen Chandler
movieId: WlD5  actor: David Manners
movieId: WlD5  actor: John Mack Brown
movieId: WlD5  actor: Elliott Nugent
movieId: WlD5  actor: Walter Byron
movieId: WlD6  actor: Kaethe vonNagy
movieId: WlD6  actor: Willy Fritsch
movieId: WlD7  actor: Lilian Harvey
movieId: WlD7  actor: Henri Garat
movieId: WlD8  actor: Marilyn Miller
movieId: WlD8  actor: Bel Lyon
movieId: WlD8  actor: W.C. Fields
movieId: WlD8  actor: Leon Errol
movieId: WlD8  actor: Chester Conklin
movieId: WlD8  actor: Ford Sterling
movieId: WlD9  actor: Warren William
movieId: WlD9  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: WlD10  actor: William Powell
movieId: WlD15  actor: Janet Gaynor
movieId: WlD15  actor: Henri Garat
movieId: WlD15  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: WlD15  actor: Herbert Mundin
movieId: WlD15  actor: Blanche Friderici
movieId: WlD15  actor: Hans vonTwardowski
movieId: WlD18  actor: Verree Teasdale
movieId: WlD18  actor: Ricardo Cortez
movieId: WlD18  actor: Lionel Attwill
movieId: WlD18  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: WlD18  actor: Anita Louise
movieId: WlD18  actor: Dorothy Tree
movieId: WlD18  actor: Hobart Cavanaugh
movieId: WlD18  actor: Nan Grey
movieId: WlD19  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: WlD19  actor: Donald Woods
movieId: WlD19  actor: Margaret Lindsay
movieId: WlD19  actor: Lyle Talbot
movieId: WlD19  actor: Hugh Herbert
movieId: WlD19  actor: Arthur Byron
movieId: WlD19  actor: Robert Barrat
movieId: WlD19  actor: Douglass Dumbrille
movieId: WlD19  actor: Henry ONeill
movieId: WlD19  actor: Irving Pichel
movieId: WlD19  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: WlD20  actor: Dolores delRio
movieId: WlD20  actor: Reginald Owen
movieId: WlD20  actor: Victor Jory
movieId: WlD20  actor: Anita Louise
movieId: WlD20  actor: Osgood Perkins
movieId: WlD20  actor: Veree Teasdale
movieId: WlD24  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: WlD24  actor: Jimmy Cagney
movieId: WlD24  actor: Olivia deHavilland
movieId: WlD24  actor: Victor Jory
movieId: WlD24  actor: Anita Louise
movieId: WlD24  actor: Dick Powell
movieId: WlD24  actor: Jean Muir
movieId: WlD24  actor: Ross Alexander
movieId: WlD24  actor: Joe E. Brown
movieId: WlD24  actor: Hugh Herbert
movieId: WlD24  actor: Arthur Treacher
movieId: WlD24  actor: Frank McHugh
movieId: WlD24  actor: Otis Harlan
movieId: WlD24  actor: Dewey Robinson
movieId: WlD24  actor: Victor Jory
movieId: WlD24  actor: Veree Teasdale
movieId: WlD24  actor: Grant Mitchell
movieId: WlD24  actor: Ian Hunter
movieId: WlD24  actor: Hobart Cavanaugh
movieId: WlD29  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: WlD29  actor: Warren William
movieId: WlD29  actor: Alison Skipworth
movieId: WlD29  actor: Arthur Treacher
movieId: WlD29  actor: Wini Shaw
movieId: WlD29  actor: Marie Wilson
movieId: WlD29  actor: Porter Hall
movieId: WlD33  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: WlD33  actor: Paul Muni
movieId: WlD33  actor: Gale Sondergaard
movieId: WlD33  actor: Joseph Schildkraut
movieId: WlD33  actor: Morris Carnovsky
movieId: WlD34  actor: Leo Camillo
movieId: WlD34  actor: Madeleine Carroll
movieId: WlD34  actor: William B. Davidson
movieId: WlD34  actor: Katherine deMille
movieId: WlD34  actor: Reginald Denny
movieId: WlD34  actor: Carlos dValdez
movieId: WlD34  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: WlD34  actor: George Houston
movieId: WlD34  actor: Lupita Tovar
movieId: WlD34  actor: Robert Warwick
movieId: WlD35  actor: Paul Muni
movieId: WlD35  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: WlD35  actor: Brian Aherne
movieId: WlD35  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: WlD35  actor: John Garfield
movieId: WlD35  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: WlD35  actor: Gale Sondergaard
movieId: WlD35  actor: Joseph Calleia
movieId: WlD35  actor: Gilbert Roland
movieId: WlD35  actor: Henry ONeill
movieId: WlD35  actor: Pedro deCordoba
movieId: WlD35  actor: Montagu Love
movieId: WlD35  actor: Harry Davenport
movieId: WlD36  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: WlD36  actor: Cedric Hardwicke
movieId: WlD36  actor: Maureen OHara
movieId: WlD36  actor: Edmond OBrien
movieId: WlD36  actor: s a
movieId: WlD36  actor: Thomas Mitchell
movieId: WlD36  actor: Harry Davenport
movieId: WlD36  actor: Walter Hampden
movieId: WlD36  actor: Alan Marshall
movieId: WlD36  actor: George Zucco
movieId: WlD36  actor: Katherine Alexander
movieId: WlD36  actor: Fritz Leiber
movieId: WlD36  actor: Rod laRoque
movieId: WlD36  actor: Charles Drake
movieId: WlD36  actor: Etienne Girardot
movieId: WlD36  actor: Helene Whitney
movieId: WlD36  actor: Mimi Gmbell
movieId: WlD37  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: WlD37  actor: Ruth Gordon
movieId: WlD37  actor: Otto Kruger
movieId: WlD37  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: WlD37  actor: Maria Ouspenskaya
movieId: WlD37  actor: Montagu Love
movieId: WlD37  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: WlD37  actor: Donald Meek
movieId: WlD37  actor: Henry ONeill
movieId: WlD37  actor: Harry Davenport
movieId: WlD37  actor: Louis Calhern
movieId: WlD37  actor: Louis Jean Heydt
movieId: WlD38  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: WlD38  actor: Edna Best
movieId: WlD38  actor: Eddie Albert
movieId: WlD38  actor: Gene Lockhart
movieId: WlD38  actor: Otto Kruger
movieId: WlD38  actor: Montagu Love
movieId: WlD38  actor: Nigel Bruce
movieId: WlD38  actor: James Stephenson
movieId: WlD39  actor: Walter Huston
movieId: WlD39  actor: James Craig
movieId: WlD39  actor: Anne Shirley
movieId: WlD39  actor: Simone Simon
movieId: WlD39  actor: Edward Arnold
movieId: WlD39  actor: Jane Darwell
movieId: WlD39  actor: Gene Lockhart
movieId: WlD39  actor: John Qualen
movieId: WlD39  actor: H.B. Warner
movieId: WlD42  actor: Mary Duncan
movieId: WlD43  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: WlD43  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: WlD43  actor: Shirley Temple
movieId: WlD43  actor: Spring Byington
movieId: WlD43  actor: Tom Tully
movieId: WlD43  actor: Chill Wills
movieId: WlD45  actor: Jennifer Jones
movieId: WlD45  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: WlD45  actor: Ann Richards
movieId: WlD45  actor: Gladys Cooper
movieId: WlD45  actor: Anita Louise
movieId: WlD45  actor: Cecil Kellaaway
movieId: WlD45  actor: Robert Sully
movieId: WlD45  actor: Byron Barr
movieId: WlD45  actor: Reginal Denny
movieId: WlD45  actor: Lumsden HGare
movieId: WlD49  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: WlD49  actor: Jennifer Jones
movieId: WlD49  actor: Ethel Barrymore
movieId: WlD49  actor: David Wayne
movieId: WlD49  actor: Lillian Gish
movieId: WlD51  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: WlD51  actor: Paul Henreid
movieId: WlD51  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: WlD51  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: WlD51  actor: Corinne Calvert
movieId: WlD51  actor: Sam Jaffe
movieId: WlD53  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: WlD53  actor: Lizabeth Scott
movieId: WlD53  actor: Viveca Lindfors
movieId: WlD53  actor: Dean Jagger
movieId: WlD53  actor: Jack Webb
movieId: WlD53  actor: Ed Begley
movieId: WlD53  actor: Don Defore
movieId: WlD53  actor: Henry Morgan
movieId: WlD53  actor: Mike Mazurki
movieId: WlD58  actor: William Holden
movieId: WlD58  actor: Alexis Smith
movieId: WlD58  actor: Edmund OBrien
movieId: WlD58  actor: Tom Tully
movieId: WlD58  actor: Ray Neal
movieId: WlD61  actor: Elizabeth Taylor
movieId: WlD61  actor: Peter Finch
movieId: WlD61  actor: Dana Andrews
movieId: WlD61  actor: Abraham Sofaer
movieId: WlD65  actor: Carlos Thompson
movieId: WlD65  actor: Alan Badel
movieId: WLe10  actor: Joey Heatherton
movieId: WLe10  actor: George Hamilton
movieId: WLe10  actor: Jack Carter
movieId: WLe10  actor: Rip Taylor
movieId: WlF10  actor: Perry King
movieId: WlF10  actor: George Kennedy
movieId: WlF10  actor: Park Jong Soo
movieId: WlF10  actor: Tisa Farrow
movieId: WlH10  actor: Owen Davis~jr.
movieId: WlH10  actor: Lucille Ball
movieId: WlH10  actor: Berton Churchill
movieId: WlH10  actor: Louise Latimer
movieId: WlH10  actor: Jessie Ralph
movieId: WlH10  actor: Hedda Hopper
movieId: WlJ12  actor: Sterling Holloway
movieId: WlM10  actor: Dennis OKeefe
movieId: WlM10  actor: Peter Lorre
movieId: WlM10  actor: Florence Rice
movieId: WlM10  actor: Stanley Ridges
movieId: WlN10  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: WlN10  actor: Grant Withers
movieId: WlN10  actor: Evelyn Brent
movieId: WlN12  actor: Boris Karloff
movieId: WlN12  actor: Grant Withers
movieId: WlN12  actor: Marjorie Reynolds
movieId: WlN12  actor: Angelo Rossitto
movieId: WlN12  actor: Lotus Long
movieId: WLu10  actor: Robert Forster
movieId: WLu10  actor: Carol Lynley
movieId: WLu10  actor: Fred Williamson
movieId: WLW10  actor: Ingrid Pitt
movieId: WLW10  actor: Keith Larsen
movieId: WLW10  actor: s a
movieId: WLW15  actor: Robert Stevens
movieId: WLW15  actor: s a
movieId: WLW15  actor: s a
movieId: WMa3  actor: Geoffrey Rush
movieId: WMa3  actor: Famke Janssen
movieId: WMa3  actor: Taye Diggs
movieId: WMa3  actor: Ali Larter
movieId: WMa3  actor: Peter Gallagher
movieId: WMa3  actor: Bridgette Wilson
movieId: WMa3  actor: Lisa Loeb
movieId: WMG10  actor: John Garfield
movieId: WMG10  actor: Rosemary Lane
movieId: WMG10  actor: Dick Powell
movieId: WMG10  actor: Victor Jory
movieId: WMG10  actor: Stanley Fields
movieId: WmH10  actor: Florence Turner
movieId: WmH10  actor: Maurice Cstello
movieId: WmH10  actor: Norma Talmadge
movieId: WMi25  actor: Denzel Washington
movieId: WMi25  actor: Louis Gossett~jr.
movieId: WmK8  actor: Nan Grey
movieId: WmK14  actor: Edward G. Robinson
movieId: WmK14  actor: Joan Blondell
movieId: WmK14  actor: Barton McLane
movieId: WmK14  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: WmK14  actor: Frank McHugh
movieId: WmK14  actor: Joseph King
movieId: WmK14  actor: Richard Purcell
movieId: WmK14  actor: George E. Stone
movieId: WmK14  actor: Joseph Crehan
movieId: WmK14  actor: Henry ONeill
movieId: WmK14  actor: Henry Kolker
movieId: WmK14  actor: Gilbert Emery
movieId: WmK14  actor: Herbert Rawlinson
movieId: WmK14  actor: Louise Beavers
movieId: WmK14  actor: Norman Willis
movieId: WmK14  actor: Frank Faylen
movieId: WmK15  actor: Al Jolson
movieId: WmK15  actor: Sybil Jason
movieId: WmK15  actor: Allen Jenkins
movieId: WmK15  actor: Lyle Talbot
movieId: WmK15  actor: Edward Everett Horton
movieId: WmK15  actor: Beverly Roberts
movieId: WmK15  actor: Claire Dodd
movieId: WmK15  actor: Cab Colloway
movieId: WmK16  actor: Rex Ingram
movieId: WmK16  actor: Rochester
movieId: WmK16  actor: Oscar Polk
movieId: WmK18  actor: Billy Mauch
movieId: WmK18  actor: Bobby Mauch
movieId: WmK18  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: WmK18  actor: Errol Flynn
movieId: WmK18  actor: Henry Stephenson
movieId: WmK18  actor: Montague Love
movieId: WmK18  actor: Alan Hale
movieId: WmK25  actor: Jimmy Cagney
movieId: WmK27  actor: Jimmy Cagney
movieId: WmK27  actor: Ann Sheridan
movieId: WmK27  actor: Andy Devine
movieId: WmK27  actor: Pat OBrien
movieId: WmK27  actor: Helen Vinson
movieId: WmK27  actor: Jerome Cowan
movieId: WmK27  actor: George Tobias
movieId: WmK27  actor: George Reeves
movieId: WmK27  actor: John Ridgely
movieId: Wmk28  actor: Lola Lane
movieId: Wmk28  actor: Priscilla Lane
movieId: Wmk28  actor: Rosemary Lane
movieId: Wmk28  actor: Gale Page
movieId: Wmk28  actor: Claude Rains
movieId: Wmk28  actor: Fay Bainter
movieId: Wmk28  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: Wmk28  actor: May Robson
movieId: Wmk28  actor: Eddie Albert
movieId: Wmk28  actor: Dick Foran
movieId: Wmk28  actor: Frank McHugh
movieId: WmK30  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: WmK30  actor: James Cagney
movieId: WmK30  actor: Stuart Erwin
movieId: Wmk31  actor: Monty Woolley
movieId: WmK31  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: WmK31  actor: Jimmy Durante
movieId: WmK31  actor: Ann Sheridan
movieId: WmK31  actor: Billie Burke
movieId: WmK31  actor: Reginald Gardiner
movieId: WmK31  actor: Richard Travis
movieId: WmK31  actor: Grant Mitchell
movieId: WmK31  actor: Ruth Vivian
movieId: WmK31  actor: Mary Wickes
movieId: WmN10  actor: Sophie Marceau
movieId: WoP10  actor: Jurgen Prochnow
movieId: WoP10  actor: Herbert Gronemeyer
movieId: WoP10  actor: Klaus Wennemann
movieId: WoP10  actor: Hubertus Bengsch
movieId: WoP12  actor: Tom Berenger
movieId: WoP12  actor: Bob Hoskins
movieId: WoP12  actor: Corbin Bernsen
movieId: WoP14  actor: Tom Berenger
movieId: WoP14  actor: Bob Hoskins
movieId: WoP14  actor: Greta Scacchi
movieId: WoP14  actor: Joanne WhalleyKilmer
movieId: WoP14  actor: Corbin Bernsen
movieId: WoP17  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: WoP17  actor: John Malokvich
movieId: WoP17  actor: Rene Russo
movieId: WoP17  actor: Dylam McDermott
movieId: WoP17  actor: Fred Thompson
movieId: WoP18  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: WoP20  actor: Dustin Hoffman
movieId: WoP20  actor: Rene Russo
movieId: WoP20  actor: Morgan Freeman
movieId: WoP20  actor: Donald Sutherland
movieId: WoP22  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: WoP22  actor: Gary Oldman
movieId: WoP22  actor: Jena Malone
movieId: WoP25  actor: George Clooney
movieId: WoP25  actor: Diane Lane
movieId: WoP26  actor: Matthew McConaughy
movieId: WoP26  actor: Bill Paxton
movieId: WoR20  actor: George Sanders
movieId: WoR20  actor: Barbara Shelley
movieId: WoR20  actor: Martin Stephens
movieId: WoR20  actor: Michael Gwynn
movieId: WoR20  actor: Laurence Naismith
movieId: WoR25  actor: George Sanders
movieId: WoR25  actor: Richard Johnson
movieId: WoR25  actor: Faten Hamana
movieId: WoR25  actor: John Mellon
movieId: WoR25  actor: Eric Pohlman
movieId: WoR25  actor: Walter Rilla
movieId: WPr10  actor: Alan Freed
movieId: WPr10  actor: Frankie Lymon and the teenagers
movieId: WPr10  actor: Chuck Berry
movieId: WR31  actor: Nancy Carrol
movieId: WR31  actor: Stanley Smith
movieId: WR31  actor: Skeets Gallagher
movieId: WR31  actor: Lillian Roth
movieId: WR31  actor: Harry Green
movieId: WR31  actor: Zasu Pitts
movieId: WR40  actor: Richard Dix
movieId: WR40  actor: Irene Dunne
movieId: WR40  actor: Edna May Oliver
movieId: WR40  actor: Estelle Taylor
movieId: WR40  actor: George E. Stone
movieId: WR40  actor: Nance ONeil
movieId: WR40  actor: William Collier~jr.
movieId: WR40  actor: Roscoe Ates
movieId: WR40  actor: George E. Stone
movieId: WR40  actor: Stanley Fields
movieId: WR40  actor: Vic Morrow
movieId: WR40  actor: Mae West
movieId: WR42  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: WR42  actor: Carole Lombard
movieId: WR42  actor: Dorothy MacKaill
movieId: WR72  actor: Jack Oakie
movieId: WR72  actor: Ben Bernie
movieId: WR72  actor: Dorothy Dell
movieId: WR72  actor: Arline Judge
movieId: WR72  actor: Allison Skipworth
movieId: WR80  actor: George Raft
movieId: WR80  actor: Carole Lombard
movieId: WR80  actor: Sally Rand
movieId: WR80  actor: Frances Drake
movieId: WR80  actor: William Frawley
movieId: WR80  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: WR80  actor: Gertrude Michael
movieId: WR80  actor: Leona Drake
movieId: WR80  actor: Gloria Shea
movieId: WR80  actor: Anne Sheridan
movieId: WR86  actor: Claudette Colbert
movieId: WR86  actor: Fred MacMurray
movieId: WR86  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: WR86  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: WR86  actor: Luis Alberni
movieId: WR86  actor: Donald Meek
movieId: WR112  actor: Carole Lombard
movieId: WR112  actor: Fred MacMurray
movieId: WR112  actor: John Barrymore
movieId: WR112  actor: Una Merkel
movieId: WR112  actor: Porter Hall
movieId: WR120  actor: Jean Arthur
movieId: WR120  actor: Melvyn Douglas
movieId: WR120  actor: Fred MacMurray
movieId: WR120  actor: Harry Davenport
movieId: WR120  actor: Dorothy Peterson
movieId: WR120  actor: Melville Cooper
movieId: WR120  actor: Edgar Buchanan
movieId: WRe10  actor: Betty Lou Gerson
movieId: WRe10  actor: Rod Taylor
movieId: WRe20  actor: George Sanders
movieId: WRe20  actor: Phil Harris
movieId: WRe20  actor: Louis Prima
movieId: WRe20  actor: Sebastian Cabot
movieId: WRe20  actor: Sterling Holloway
movieId: WRe25  actor: Sterling Holloway
movieId: WRe35  actor: Sterling Holloway
movieId: WRe38  actor: Vincent Price
movieId: WRe40  actor: Mel Blanc
movieId: WRe40  actor: Mel Torme
movieId: WRh10  actor: Yvonne deCarlo
movieId: WRh10  actor: Jean Pierre Aumont
movieId: WRh10  actor: Eve Arden
movieId: WRh10  actor: Charles Killman
movieId: WRi10  actor: John Huston
movieId: WRi10  actor: Jeff Bridges
movieId: WRi20  actor: River Phoenix
movieId: WRi20  actor: Meredith Salberger
movieId: WRi20  actor: Louanne
movieId: WRi20  actor: Mathew L. Perry
movieId: WS1  actor: Hildegard Knef
movieId: WS4  actor: Hildegard Knef
movieId: WS5  actor: Hildegard Knef
movieId: WS5  actor: sa
movieId: WS6  actor: Hildegard Knef
movieId: WS5  actor: Hans Albers
movieId: WS7  actor: Hildegard Knef
movieId: WS8  actor: Hildegard Knef
movieId: WS8  actor: Erich vonStroheim
movieId: WS35  actor: Hildegard Knef
movieId: WS41  actor: Hildegard Knef
movieId: WS42  actor: Hildegard Knef
movieId: WS43  actor: Hildegard Knef
movieId: WS45  actor: Hildegard Knef
movieId: WSa5  actor: Alex Rebar
movieId: WSa5  actor: Myron Healy
movieId: WSa5  actor: Rainbeaux Smith
movieId: WSa5  actor: Jonathan Demme
movieId: WSa10  actor: Dorothy Stratten
movieId: WSa10  actor: Avery Schreiber
movieId: WSa10  actor: Angelo Rossitto
movieId: WSh1  actor: William Shatner
movieId: WSh1  actor: Leonard Nimoy
movieId: WSh1  actor: DeForest Kelley
movieId: WSh1  actor: James Doohan
movieId: WSh1  actor: Walter Koenig
movieId: WSh1  actor: Nichel Nichols
movieId: WSh1  actor: George Takei
movieId: WSt10  actor: Fiona Fullerton
movieId: WSt10  actor: Michael Crawford
movieId: WSt10  actor: Michael Hodern
movieId: WSt10  actor: Robert Helpmann
movieId: WSt10  actor: Dudley Moore
movieId: WSt10  actor: Spike Milligan
movieId: WSt10  actor: Peter Sellers
movieId: WSt10  actor: Dennnis Price
movieId: WSt10  actor: Flora Robson
movieId: WSt10  actor: Rogney Bewes
movieId: WSt10  actor: Ralph Richardson
movieId: WSt10  actor: Peter Bull
movieId: WTa10  actor: Kris Kristofferson
movieId: WTa10  actor: Treat Williams
movieId: WTa10  actor: Rip Torn
movieId: WTa10  actor: Kevin Conway
movieId: WTa20  actor: Chuck Norris
movieId: WTa20  actor: Brynn Thayer
movieId: WTa20  actor: Steve James
movieId: WTh3  actor: Willy Fritsch
movieId: WTh3  actor: Lilian Harvey
movieId: WTh3  actor: Oskar Karlweiss
movieId: WTh3  actor: Heinz Ruhmann
movieId: WTh3  actor: Olga Tchekhova
movieId: WTh3  actor: Felix Bressart
movieId: WTh5  actor: Lew Ayres
movieId: WTh10  actor: Dorothy Lamour
movieId: WTh10  actor: Ray Milland
movieId: WTh10  actor: Akim Tamiroff
movieId: WTh10  actor: Lynne Overman
movieId: WTh10  actor: Molly Lamont
movieId: WTh10  actor: Hugh Buckler
movieId: WTh10  actor: Liamu
movieId: WTh10  actor: Bogo
movieId: WTh18  actor: Johnny Weissmuller
movieId: WTh19  actor: Johnny Weissmuller
movieId: WTh23  actor: Gail Patrick
movieId: WTh23  actor: Ann Rutherford
movieId: WTh23  actor: Francis Lederer
movieId: WTN10  actor: Mike Bradford
movieId: WTN10  actor: Karen Mallet
movieId: WTN10  actor: Harry Millard
movieId: WTN10  actor: s a
movieId: WTN10  actor: Bob Wills
movieId: WTN10  actor: Richrad Petty
movieId: WTN10  actor: Sheri Benet
movieId: WTN10  actor: Barry Darval
movieId: WTN12  actor: John Arnold
movieId: WTN12  actor: Arlen Dean Snyder
movieId: WTN12  actor: Gene Bua
movieId: WTN12  actor: Kendra Kerr
movieId: WTN12  actor: Val Bosoglio
movieId: WTN12  actor: Marsha Mason
movieId: WTy10  actor: Alan Badel
movieId: WTy10  actor: Cameron Hall
movieId: WTy10  actor: Eileen Way
movieId: WvD34  actor: Tim McCoy
movieId: WvD34  actor: Marjorie Daw
movieId: WvD34  actor: William Fairbanks
movieId: WvD34  actor: Chief Big Tree
movieId: WvD35  actor: Tim McCoy
movieId: WvD35  actor: Dorothy Sebastian
movieId: WvD35  actor: Charles Bell
movieId: WvD35  actor: William Fairbanks
movieId: WvD35  actor: Chief Big Tree
movieId: WvD36  actor: Monte Blue
movieId: WvD36  actor: s a
movieId: WvD36  actor: Raquel Torres
movieId: WvD43  actor: Johnny Weissmuller
movieId: WvD43  actor: Maureen OSullivan
movieId: WvD49  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: WvD49  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: WvD49  actor: Robert Montgomery
movieId: WvD49  actor: Rosalind Russell
movieId: WvD49  actor: Billie Burke
movieId: WvD50  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: WvD50  actor: William Powell
movieId: WvD50  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: WvD51  actor: William Powell
movieId: WvD51  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: WvD51  actor: Asta
movieId: WvD51  actor: Maureen OSullivan
movieId: WvD51  actor: Nat Pendleton
movieId: WvD51  actor: Edward Ellis
movieId: WvD51  actor: Minna Gombell
movieId: WvD51  actor: Natalie Moorhead
movieId: WvD51  actor: Porter Hall
movieId: WvD51  actor: Cesar Romero
movieId: WvD51  actor: Edward Brophy
movieId: WvD53  actor: Jeanette MacDonald
movieId: WvD53  actor: Nelson Eddy
movieId: WvD53  actor: Frank Morgan
movieId: WvD53  actor: Elsa Lanchester
movieId: WvD53  actor: Douglass Dumbrille
movieId: WvD53  actor: Joseph Cawthorn
movieId: WvD53  actor: Cecelia Parker
movieId: WvD53  actor: Walter Kingsford
movieId: WvD54  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: WvD54  actor: Brian Aherne
movieId: WvD56  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: WvD56  actor: Spencer Tracy
movieId: WvD56  actor: Jeanette MacDonald
movieId: WvD56  actor: Jack Holt
movieId: WvD56  actor: Jessie Ralph
movieId: WvD57  actor: Joan Crawford
movieId: WvD57  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: WvD57  actor: s a
movieId: WvD57  actor: Franchot Tone
movieId: WvD58  actor: Jeanettte MacDonald
movieId: WvD58  actor: Nelson Eddy
movieId: WvD58  actor: James Stewart
movieId: WvD58  actor: Reginald Owen
movieId: WvD58  actor: Allan Jones
movieId: WvD58  actor: George Regas
movieId: WvD58  actor: Una OConnor
movieId: WvD58  actor: Lucien Littlefield
movieId: WvD58  actor: Alan Mowbray
movieId: WvD58  actor: David Nivens
movieId: WvD60  actor: William Powell
movieId: WvD60  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: WvD60  actor: Asta
movieId: WvD60  actor: James Stewart
movieId: WvD60  actor: Joseph Calleia
movieId: WvD60  actor: Elissa Landi
movieId: WvD60  actor: Jessie Ralph
movieId: WvD60  actor: Alan Marshall
movieId: WvD60  actor: Sam Levene
movieId: WvD60  actor: Penny Singleton
movieId: WvD64  actor: Norma Shearer
movieId: WvD64  actor: Robert Morley
movieId: WvD64  actor: Tyrone Power
movieId: WvD64  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: WvD64  actor: Gladys George
movieId: WvD65  actor: Jeanette MacDonald
movieId: WvD65  actor: Nelson Eddy
movieId: WvD67  actor: James Stewart
movieId: WvD67  actor: Claudette Cobert
movieId: WvD67  actor: Guy Kibbee
movieId: WvD67  actor: Nat Pendleton
movieId: WvD67  actor: Frances Drake
movieId: WvD67  actor: Edgar Kennedy
movieId: WvD67  actor: Ernest Truex
movieId: WvD67  actor: Sidney Blackmer
movieId: WvD67  actor: Hans Conried
movieId: WvD69  actor: William Powell
movieId: WvD69  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: WvD69  actor: Otto Kruger
movieId: WvD69  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: WvD69  actor: Asta
movieId: WvD69  actor: Sheldon Leonard
movieId: WvD69  actor: Nat Pendleton
movieId: WvD69  actor: Marjorie Main
movieId: WvD69  actor: Tom Neal
movieId: WvD69  actor: Ruth Hussey
movieId: WvD70  actor: Lewis Stone
movieId: WvD70  actor: Fay Holden
movieId: WvD70  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: WvD70  actor: Cecelia Parker
movieId: WvD70  actor: Sara Haden
movieId: WvD70  actor: Ann Rutherford
movieId: WvD72  actor: Jeanette MacDonald
movieId: WvD72  actor: Nelson Eddy
movieId: WvD72  actor: George Sanders
movieId: WvD72  actor: Felix Bressart
movieId: WvD72  actor: Sig Rumann
movieId: WvD72  actor: Hans Conried
movieId: WvD72  actor: Jeff Corey
movieId: WvD75  actor: Robert Montgomery
movieId: WvD75  actor: Ingrid Bergman
movieId: WvD75  actor: George Sanders
movieId: WvD75  actor: Lucile Watson
movieId: WvD75  actor: Oscar Homolka
movieId: WvD75  actor: Philip Merryvale
movieId: WvD75  actor: Matthew Boulton
movieId: WvD75  actor: Aubrey Mather
movieId: WvD76  actor: William Powell
movieId: WvD76  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: WvD76  actor: Asta
movieId: WvD79  actor: Jeanette MacDonald
movieId: WvD79  actor: Robert Young
movieId: WvD79  actor: Ethel waters
movieId: WvD79  actor: Reginald Owen
movieId: WvD79  actor: Lionel Atwill
movieId: WvD79  actor: Mona Barrie
movieId: WvD79  actor: Eduardo Cianelli
movieId: WvD79  actor: Dennis Hooey
movieId: WvD79  actor: Dooley Wilson
movieId: WW12  actor: Charles Bickford
movieId: WW12  actor: Fred Kohler
movieId: WW12  actor: Raymond Hatton
movieId: WW12  actor: Fritzi Ridgeway
movieId: WW23  actor: Walter Huston
movieId: WW23  actor: Kent Douglas
movieId: WW23  actor: Helen Chandler
movieId: WW30  actor: John Barrymore
movieId: WW30  actor: Bebe Daniels
movieId: WW30  actor: Melvyn Douglas
movieId: WW30  actor: Doris Kenyon
movieId: WW30  actor: Onslow Stevens
movieId: WW30  actor: Isabell Jewell
movieId: WW30  actor: Thelma Todd
movieId: WW30  actor: Mayo Methot
movieId: WW30  actor: Isabel Jewell
movieId: WW30  actor: John Qualen
movieId: WW30  actor: Vincent Sherman
movieId: WW30  actor: Richard Quine
movieId: WW41  actor: Joel McCrea
movieId: WW41  actor: Merle Oberon
movieId: WW41  actor: Miriam Hopkins
movieId: WW41  actor: Catherine Doucet
movieId: WW41  actor: Alma Kruger
movieId: WW41  actor: Bonita Granville
movieId: WW41  actor: Marcia Mae Jones
movieId: WW41  actor: Walter Brennan
movieId: WW41  actor: Margaret Hamilton
movieId: WW42  actor: Walter Huston
movieId: WW42  actor: Ruth Chatterton
movieId: WW42  actor: Mary Astor
movieId: WW42  actor: David Niven
movieId: WW42  actor: Paul Lukas
movieId: WW42  actor: Gregory Gaye
movieId: WW42  actor: Maria Ouspenskaya
movieId: WW42  actor: Odette Myrtil
movieId: WW42  actor: Spring Byington
movieId: WW42  actor: John Payne
movieId: WW43  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: WW43  actor: Joel McCrea
movieId: WW43  actor: Sylvia Sidney
movieId: WW43  actor: Wendy Barrie
movieId: WW43  actor: Claire Trevor
movieId: WW43  actor: Allan Jenkins
movieId: WW43  actor: Marjorie Main
movieId: WW43  actor: James Burke
movieId: WW43  actor: Ward Bond
movieId: WW43  actor: Leo Gorcey
movieId: WW43  actor: Huntz Hall
movieId: WW43  actor: Gabriel Dell
movieId: WW43  actor: Billy Halop
movieId: WW43  actor: Bobby Jordan
movieId: WW43  actor: Bernard Punsley
movieId: WW44  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: WW44  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: WW44  actor: George Brent
movieId: WW44  actor: Margaret Lindsay
movieId: WW44  actor: Fay Bainter
movieId: WW44  actor: Richard Cromwell
movieId: WW44  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: WW44  actor: Henry ONeill
movieId: WW44  actor: Jake Litel
movieId: WW44  actor: Spring Byington
movieId: WW44  actor: Rochester
movieId: WW44  actor: Gordon Oliver
movieId: WW44  actor: Irving Pichel
movieId: WW45  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: WW45  actor: Merle Oberon
movieId: WW45  actor: Flora Robson
movieId: WW45  actor: David Niven
movieId: WW45  actor: Geraldine Fitzgerald
movieId: WW45  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: WW45  actor: Hugh Williams
movieId: WW45  actor: Leo G. Carroll
movieId: WW45  actor: Miles Mander
movieId: WW45  actor: Cecil Kellaway
movieId: WW45  actor: Alice Ehlers
movieId: WW46  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: WW46  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: WW46  actor: James Stephenson
movieId: WW46  actor: Sen Yung
movieId: WW46  actor: Frieda Inescort
movieId: WW46  actor: Gale Sondergaard
movieId: WW46  actor: Tetsu Komai
movieId: WW46  actor: Bruce Lester
movieId: WW47  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: WW47  actor: Walter Brennan
movieId: WW47  actor: Doris Davenport
movieId: WW47  actor: Fred Stone
movieId: WW47  actor: Dana Andrews
movieId: WW47  actor: Lilian Bond
movieId: WW47  actor: Chill Wills
movieId: WW47  actor: Forrest Tucker
movieId: WW47  actor: Paul Hurst
movieId: WW47  actor: Tom Tyler
movieId: WW48  actor: Bette Davis
movieId: WW48  actor: Herbert Marshall
movieId: WW48  actor: Teresa Wright
movieId: WW48  actor: Charles Carlson
movieId: WW48  actor: Charles Dingle
movieId: WW48  actor: Dan Duryea
movieId: WW48  actor: Carl Benton Reid
movieId: WW48  actor: Patricia Collinge
movieId: WW54  actor: Greer Garson
movieId: WW54  actor: Richrad ney
movieId: WW63  actor: Fredric March
movieId: WW63  actor: Myrna Loy
movieId: WW63  actor: Teresa Wright
movieId: WW63  actor: Dana Andrews
movieId: WW63  actor: Virginia Mayo
movieId: WW63  actor: Cathy ODonnell
movieId: WW63  actor: Harold Russell
movieId: WW63  actor: Hoagy Carmichael
movieId: WW63  actor: Gladys George
movieId: WW63  actor: Roman Bohnen
movieId: WW63  actor: Ray Collins
movieId: WW63  actor: Florence Eldridge
movieId: WW64  actor: Oliva deHavilland
movieId: WW64  actor: Montgomery Clift
movieId: WW64  actor: Ralph Richardson
movieId: WW64  actor: Miriam Hopkins
movieId: WW64  actor: Vanessa Brown
movieId: WW64  actor: Mona Freeman
movieId: WW64  actor: Ray Collins
movieId: WW65  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: WW65  actor: Eleanor Parker
movieId: WW65  actor: Lee Grant
movieId: WW65  actor: William Bendix
movieId: WW65  actor: Cathy ODonnell
movieId: WW65  actor: George McReady
movieId: WW65  actor: Horace MacMahon
movieId: WW65  actor: Gladys George
movieId: WW65  actor: Joseph Wiseman
movieId: WW65  actor: Gerald Mohr
movieId: WW65  actor: Frank Faylen
movieId: WW65  actor: Luis VanRooten
movieId: WW66  actor: Miriam Hopkins
movieId: WW66  actor: Jennifer Jones
movieId: WW66  actor: Laurence Olivier
movieId: WW66  actor: Eddie Alberts
movieId: WW66  actor: Basil Ruysdael
movieId: WW66  actor: Ray Teal
movieId: WW66  actor: Barry Kelley
movieId: WW66  actor: Mary Murphy
movieId: WW67  actor: Audrey Hepburn
movieId: WW67  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: WW67  actor: Eddie Albert
movieId: WW67  actor: Hartley Power
movieId: WW67  actor: Harcourt Williams
movieId: WW67  actor: Margaret Rawlings
movieId: WW67  actor: Tullio Carminati
movieId: WW68  actor: Fredric March
movieId: WW68  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: WW68  actor: Martha Scott
movieId: WW68  actor: Arthur Kennedy
movieId: WW68  actor: Gig Young
movieId: WW68  actor: Dewey Martin
movieId: WW68  actor: Mary Murphy
movieId: WW68  actor: Robert Middleton
movieId: WW68  actor: Richard Eyer
movieId: WW73  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: WW73  actor: Dorothy McGuire
movieId: WW73  actor: Phyllis Love
movieId: WW73  actor: Anthony Perkins
movieId: WW73  actor: Marjorie Main
movieId: WW73  actor: Richard Eyer
movieId: WW73  actor: Robert Middleton
movieId: WW73  actor: Walter Catlett
movieId: WW77  actor: Gary Cooper
movieId: WW77  actor: Theresa Wright
movieId: WW77  actor: Walter Brennan
movieId: WW77  actor: Babe Ruth
movieId: WW80  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: WW80  actor: Jean Simmons
movieId: WW80  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: WW80  actor: Carroll Baker
movieId: WW80  actor: Burl Ives
movieId: WW80  actor: Charles Bickford
movieId: WW80  actor: Alfonso Bedaya
movieId: WW80  actor: Chuck Connors
movieId: WW81  actor: Charlton Heston
movieId: WW81  actor: Stephen Boyd
movieId: WW81  actor: Martha Scott
movieId: WW81  actor: Cathy ODonnell
movieId: WW81  actor: Jack Hawkins
movieId: WW81  actor: Hugh Griffith
movieId: WW81  actor: Haya Harareet
movieId: WW82  actor: Audrey Hepburn
movieId: WW82  actor: Shirley McLaine
movieId: WW82  actor: James Garner
movieId: WW82  actor: Miriam Hopkins
movieId: WW82  actor: Fay Bainter
movieId: WW82  actor: Karen Balkin
movieId: WW83  actor: Samantha Eggar
movieId: WW83  actor: Terence Stamp
movieId: WW84  actor: Audrey Hepburn
movieId: WW84  actor: Peter OToole
movieId: WW84  actor: Charles Boyer
movieId: WW84  actor: Hugh Griffith
movieId: WW84  actor: Eli Wallach
movieId: WW84  actor: Fernand Gravet
movieId: WW84  actor: Marcel Dalio
movieId: WW85  actor: Barbra Streisand
movieId: WW85  actor: Omar Sharif
movieId: WW85  actor: Walter Pidgeon
movieId: WW85  actor: Kay Medford
movieId: WW85  actor: Anne Francis
movieId: WW85  actor: Frank Faylen
movieId: WW87  actor: Roscoe Lee Browne
movieId: WW87  actor: Lola Falana
movieId: WW87  actor: Lee J. Cobb
movieId: WW87  actor: Anthony Zerbe
movieId: WW87  actor: Lee Majors
movieId: WW87  actor: Yaphet Kotto
movieId: WW87  actor: Barbara Hershey
movieId: WW87  actor: Arch Johnson
movieId: WW87  actor: Chill Wills
movieId: WWo10  actor: Lon Chaney
movieId: WWo10  actor: Patsy Ruth Miller
movieId: WWo10  actor: Norman Kerry
movieId: WWo10  actor: Ernest Torrence
movieId: WWo10  actor: Gladys Brockwell
movieId: WWo10  actor: Kate Lester
movieId: WWo10  actor: Brandon Hurst
movieId: WWo10  actor: Tully Marshall
movieId: WWo10  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: WWh50  actor: Edd Byrnes
movieId: WWh50  actor: Robert Keith
movieId: WWh50  actor: Susan Hubble
movieId: WWh50  actor: George DiSend
movieId: WWh50  actor: Donelly
movieId: WWh50  actor: Hardin
movieId: WWh50  actor: Davis Roberts
movieId: WWh50  actor: Ann Esther
movieId: WWh80  actor: Ron Ely
movieId: WWi10  actor: Steve McQueen
movieId: WWi10  actor: Linda Evans
movieId: WWi10  actor: Richard Farnsworth
movieId: WWi10  actor: Billy Green Bush
movieId: WWi10  actor: Slim Pickens
movieId: WWi10  actor: Eisha Cook~jr
movieId: WWn10  actor: Lee Powell
movieId: WWn10  actor: Chief Thundercloud
movieId: WWn10  actor: Herman Brix
movieId: WWn10  actor: Lynne Roberts
movieId: WWn10  actor: Stanley Andrews
movieId: WWn10  actor: William Farnum
movieId: WWn12  actor: Roy Rogers
movieId: WWn12  actor: Trigger
movieId: WWn12  actor: Smiley Burnette
movieId: WWn30  actor: Robert Livingstone
movieId: WWn30  actor: Chief Thundercloud
movieId: WWn30  actor: Duncan Renaldo
movieId: WWn30  actor: Jinx Falken
movieId: WWn30  actor: Ralph Dunn
movieId: WWn30  actor: J.Farrell McDonald
movieId: WWn35  actor: Henry Brandon
movieId: WWn35  actor: William Royle
movieId: WWn35  actor: Robert Kellard
movieId: WWn35  actor: Gloria Franklin
movieId: WWn35  actor: Olaf Hytten
movieId: WWn35  actor: Luana Walters
movieId: WWn35  actor: Dwight Frye
movieId: WWn35  actor: Anna May Wong
movieId: WWn80  actor: Kay Aldridge
movieId: WWn80  actor: Clayton Moore
movieId: WWn80  actor: Lorna Gray
movieId: WWn80  actor: Tristam Coffin
movieId: WWn80  actor: Charles Middleton
movieId: WWn100  actor: Roy Rogers
movieId: WWn100  actor: Trigger
movieId: WWn100  actor: Dale Evans
movieId: WWn101  actor: Roy Rogers
movieId: WWn101  actor: Trigger
movieId: WWn101  actor: Dale Evans
movieId: WWn101  actor: Grant Withers
movieId: WWn101  actor: Harry Shannon
movieId: WWn101  actor: George Cleveland
movieId: WWn101  actor: The Sons of the Pioneers
movieId: WWn200  actor: Richard Bakalyan
movieId: WWn200  actor: Scott Marlowe
movieId: WWn205  actor: Corey allen
movieId: WWn205  actor: Rebecca Welles
movieId: WWn205  actor: Anne Whitfield
movieId: WWn205  actor: Richard Bakalyan
movieId: xAb1  actor: Roland Winters
movieId: XaK10  actor: Emin Sivas
movieId: xAx10  actor: Ulf Brunneberg
movieId: xAx10  actor: Essy Person
movieId: xAx10  actor: Sven-Bentil Taube
movieId: xBa10  actor: Miguel Bos\'e
movieId: xCa10  actor: Enrique Guitart
movieId: xCa10  actor: Marta Flores
movieId: xCh10  actor: s a
movieId: xCh10  actor: s a
movieId: xCm10  actor: Gianfranco Giachetti
movieId: xCm20  actor: Kirk Douglas
movieId: xCm20  actor: Silvana Mangano
movieId: xCm20  actor: Anthony Quinn
movieId: xCm20  actor: Rosanna Podesta
movieId: xCo10  actor: Raul Julia
movieId: xDB1  actor: Burt Lancaster
movieId: xDB1  actor: William Lancaster
movieId: xDB1  actor: Mario Ferrari
movieId: xDe10  actor: Sara Moniel
movieId: xdH10  actor: Antonio Vilar
movieId: xDr10  actor: Liselotte
movieId: xDt10  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: xDv10  actor: Aron Eckhard
movieId: xDv10  actor: Stacy Edwards
movieId: xDv10  actor: Malloy
movieId: xEn10  actor: Jenny Ingo
movieId: xEn10  actor: Gustaf Grundgens
movieId: xFl10  actor: Paul Gunther
movieId: xFr10  actor: Ron Ely
movieId: xGa10  actor: Simone Genevois
movieId: xGc10  actor: Sam Waterston
movieId: xGr10  actor: Richard Chamberlain
movieId: xGr10  actor: Trevor Howard
movieId: xGr10  actor: Louis Jourdan
movieId: xHe10  actor: Mr.~Kent
movieId: xHe10  actor: Pat Tallman
movieId: xHe10  actor: Daniel Harris
movieId: xHu10  actor: Jaraj
movieId: xHu10  actor: Narfis
movieId: xMa10  actor: Imperio Argentina
movieId: xMb10  actor: Nargis
movieId: xMe10  actor: Esme Percy
movieId: xNa10  actor: Scott Valentine
movieId: xNa10  actor: Vanessa Angel
movieId: xNa10  actor: Talia Balsam
movieId: xNa10  actor: s a
movieId: xOz10  actor: Stanislav Yaskevich
movieId: xPe10  actor: Sergie Mezhinsky
movieId: xPe20  actor: Nicolai Chersakov
movieId: xPr10  actor: Anil Kapoor
movieId: xPr10  actor: Tabbu
movieId: xPr10  actor: Pooja Batra
movieId: xPr10  actor: Amrish Puri
movieId: xQu15  actor: Gottfried John
movieId: xQu15  actor: Alice Krige
movieId: xQu15  actor: Mark Rylance
movieId: xRi10  actor: Albert Dieudonne
movieId: xSa10  actor: Fernanda Montenegro
movieId: xSa10  actor: Benicias Oliveira
movieId: xSa10  actor: s a
movieId: xSa10  actor: s a
movieId: xSc10  actor: Ana Esmeralda
movieId: xSe10  actor: Ibrahim Hamouda
movieId: xSe10  actor: Lela Mourad
movieId: xSt10  actor: Kim Basinger
movieId: xSt10  actor: s a
movieId: xSt10  actor: s a
movieId: xSt10  actor: s a
movieId: xSt10  actor: Lisa Croisette
movieId: xSt10  actor: Harry s.
movieId: xSt10  actor: s a
movieId: xSx10  actor: Paul Dahlke
movieId: DSz10  actor: Sally Field
movieId: DSz10  actor: Tom Hanks
movieId: DSz10  actor: John Goodman
movieId: DSz10  actor: Mark Rydell
movieId: DSz10  actor: Paul Mazurky
movieId: DSz12  actor: Melanie Griffith
movieId: DSz12  actor: Michael Douglas
movieId: DSz12  actor: Joely Richardson
movieId: DSz12  actor: John Gielgud
movieId: DSz12  actor: Liam Neeson
movieId: DSz12  actor: Ludwig Haas
movieId: xWi1  actor: Warner Oland
movieId: xTo10  actor: Emile Drain
movieId: xTu10  actor: Victor Mature
movieId: xUc10  actor: Angela Salloker
movieId: XWZ15  actor: Jiang Weng
movieId: XWZ15  actor: Ge You
movieId: xYa10  actor: Ursula Andress
movieId: YAl10  actor: Michele Morgan
movieId: YAl10  actor: Andre Toffel
movieId: YAl10  actor: Gerard Philipe
movieId: yAn10  actor: Oliver Tobias
movieId: YaY5  actor: William Katt
movieId: YaY5  actor: Stella Stevens
movieId: YaY5  actor: Shannon Tweed
movieId: YaY5  actor: Crysstyn Dante
movieId: YaY10  actor: Shannon Tweed
movieId: YaY10  actor: Catherine Oxenburg
movieId: YaY10  actor: Emile LeVisetti
movieId: YaY10  actor: Vernon Wells
movieId: YaY10  actor: David Kriegel
movieId: YlG10  actor: Tarik Akan
movieId: YlG10  actor: Halil Ergun
movieId: YlG10  actor: Necmettin {\c}Cobanoglu
movieId: YlG10  actor: Serf Sezer
movieId: YLM10  actor: Anita Ekberg
movieId: YLM10  actor: JeanYves Thual
movieId: YMi10  actor: Akihiro Maruyama
movieId: YMi10  actor: Kikko Matsuoka
movieId: YMi10  actor: Isao Kimora
movieId: YMi10  actor: Yukio Mishima
movieId: YMZ0  actor: Gong Li
movieId: YMZ20  actor: Gong Li
movieId: YMZ20  actor: Li BaoTian
movieId: YMZ20  actor: Li Wei
movieId: YMZ22  actor: Gong Li
movieId: YMZ22  actor: He Cafei
movieId: YMZ22  actor: Cao Cuifen
movieId: YMZ22  actor: Jin Shuyuan
movieId: YMZ22  actor: Ma Jingwu
movieId: YMZ22  actor: Kong Lin
movieId: YMZ22  actor: Ding Weimin
movieId: YMZ22  actor: Cui Zhihgang
movieId: YMZ24  actor: Gong Li
movieId: YMZ24  actor: s a
movieId: YMZ24  actor: s a
movieId: YMZ26  actor: Gong Li
movieId: YMZ26  actor: Ge You
movieId: YMZ26  actor: N. Ben
movieId: YMZ26  actor: Guo Tao
movieId: YMZ26  actor: J. Wu
movieId: YoM10  actor: Juzo Itami
movieId: YoT10  actor: Kaori Momoi
movieId: YoT10  actor: Takeshi Kaga
movieId: YoT10  actor: Mitsunori Isaki
movieId: YoT10  actor: Hiromi Iwasaki
movieId: YOz12  actor: s a
movieId: YOz15  actor: s a
movieId: YOz15  actor: s a
movieId: YOz15  actor: s a
movieId: YOz15  actor: s a
movieId: YOz16  actor: s a
movieId: YOz16  actor: s a
movieId: YOz16  actor: s a
movieId: YOz20  actor: Chisu Ryu
movieId: YOz20  actor: s a
movieId: YOz20  actor: s a
movieId: YOz55  actor: Setsuko Hara
movieId: YOz55  actor: Chisu Ryu
movieId: YOz65  actor: Chika Awashima
movieId: YOz75  actor: Chisu Ryu
movieId: YOz75  actor: s a
movieId: YOz75  actor: s a
movieId: YRu10  actor: Tracy Lords
movieId: YRu10  actor: Jeff Fahey
movieId: YRu10  actor: Brian Bloom
movieId: YRu10  actor: Maria Diaz
movieId: YSt10  actor: Leopold Kozlowski
movieId: YSt12  actor: Leopold Kozlowski
movieId: YSt12  actor: Itzak Perlman
movieId: YuB10  actor: Kelly Lynch
movieId: YuB10  actor: Sherilyn Fenn
movieId: YuB10  actor: William Baldwin
movieId: YuB14  actor: Mickey Rourke
movieId: YuB14  actor: Carrie Otis
movieId: YuB14  actor: Anthony Michael Hall
movieId: YvA10  actor: Gerard Depardieu
movieId: YvA10  actor: Fanny Ardant
movieId: YvA13  actor: Emmanuelle Beart
movieId: YvA13  actor: Sandrine Bonnaire
movieId: YvA13  actor: s a
movieId: YvR3  actor: JeanMarie Amato
movieId: YvR6  actor: Bernard Blier
movieId: YvR6  actor: Pierre Richard
movieId: YvR6  actor: Jean Rochefort
movieId: YvR6  actor: Mireille Darc
movieId: YvR10  actor: Jean Rochefort
movieId: YvR10  actor: Catherine Deneuve
movieId: YvR10  actor: Robert Webber
movieId: YvR10  actor: Philippe LeroyBeaulieu
movieId: YvR15  actor: Julien Ciamaca
movieId: YvR16  actor: Julien Ciamaca
movieId: YYa1  actor: Kiyoshi Atsumi
movieId: YYa10  actor: Kiyoshi Atsumi
movieId: YYa10  actor: Chocho Miyako
movieId: YYa10  actor: Chieko Baishu
movieId: YYa10  actor: Rumi Sakakibara
movieId: YYa11  actor: Kiyoshi Atsumi
movieId: YYa11  actor: Junko Ikeuchi
movieId: YYa11  actor: Chieko Baishu
movieId: YYa60  actor: Kiyoshi Atsumi
movieId: YYa60  actor: Keiko Takeshita
movieId: YYa60  actor: Akira Emoto
movieId: YYa60  actor: Keiko Awaji
movieId: YYa62  actor: Kiyoshi Atsumi
movieId: YYa62  actor: Kimiko Goto
movieId: YYa62  actor: Chieko Baisho
movieId: YYa62  actor: Hidetaka Yoshioka
movieId: YYa78  actor: Toshiyuki Takaba
movieId: YYa78  actor: Keiko Takeshita
movieId: YYa78  actor: Kunie Tanaka
movieId: YZh14  actor: Si Han
movieId: YZh14  actor: Hu Jun
movieId: YZh16  actor: Pu Cun Yin
movieId: YZh16  actor: s a
movieId: YZh16  actor: s a
movieId: ZK2  actor: Paul Robeson
movieId: ZK2  actor: Nina mae McKinney
movieId: ZK2  actor: Leslie Banks
movieId: ZK3  actor: John Clements
movieId: ZK3  actor: Ralph Richardson
movieId: ZK3  actor: C.Aubrey Smith
movieId: ZK3  actor: June Duprez
movieId: ZK3  actor: Allan Jeayes
movieId: ZK3  actor: Jack Allen
movieId: ZK3  actor: Donald Gray
movieId: ZK3  actor: Henry Oscar
movieId: ZK3  actor: John Laurie
movieId: ZK4  actor: Sabu
movieId: ZK4  actor: Joseph Calleia
movieId: ZK4  actor: John Qualen
movieId: ZK4  actor: Frank Puglia
movieId: ZK4  actor: Rosemary deCamp
movieId: ZK5  actor: Humphrey Bogart
movieId: ZK5  actor: Bruce Bennett
movieId: ZK5  actor: Lloyd Bridges
movieId: ZK5  actor: Rex Ingram
movieId: ZK5  actor: J.Carrol Naish
movieId: ZK5  actor: Dan Duryea
movieId: ZK5  actor: Kurt Kreuger
movieId: ZK7  actor: Gregory Peck
movieId: ZK7  actor: Joan Bennett
movieId: ZK7  actor: Roert Preston
movieId: ZlK10  actor: Sherilynn Fenn
movieId: ZlK10  actor: Richard Tyson
movieId: ZlK10  actor: Apul deLondres
movieId: ZlK10  actor: Louise Fletcher
movieId: ZlK10  actor: Burl Ives
movieId: ZlK10  actor: Kristy McNichols
movieId: ZlK10  actor: Don Galloway
movieId: ZlK10  actor: Screaming Bob Hawkins
movieId: Z0210  actor: Paul Panzer
movieId: Z0210  actor: Florence Lawrence
movieId: Z0220  actor: Mario Caserini
movieId: Z0220  actor: Maria Gasperini
movieId: Z0230  actor: Sir Godrey Teale
movieId: Z0230  actor: Mary Malone
movieId: Z0240  actor: George A. Lessey
movieId: Z0240  actor: Julia M. Taylor
movieId: Z0250  actor: Gustav Serena
movieId: Z0250  actor: Francesca Bertini
movieId: Z0260  actor: Harry Hilliard
movieId: Z0260  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z0270  actor: Francis X. Bushman
movieId: Z0270  actor: Beverly Bane
movieId: Z0310  actor: Raul Julia
movieId: Z0320  actor: Moira Kelly
movieId: Z0401  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: Z0401  actor: June Haver
movieId: Z0401  actor: Lon McCallister
movieId: Z0401  actor: Walter Brennan
movieId: Z0401  actor: Ann Revere
movieId: Z0401  actor: Natalie Wood
movieId: Z0402  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: Z0402  actor: William Halop
movieId: Z0402  actor: Ann Tdd
movieId: Z0402  actor: Darryl Hickman
movieId: Z0402  actor: Jerome Cown
movieId: Z0405  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: Z0405  actor: Dan Dailey
movieId: Z0405  actor: Anne Baxter
movieId: Z0405  actor: Rory Caloun
movieId: Z0405  actor: Walter Brennan
movieId: Z0405  actor: Marin Marshall
movieId: Z0406  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: Z0406  actor: James Whitmore
movieId: Z0407  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: Z0407  actor: Mickey Rooney
movieId: Z0407  actor: Pat OBrien
movieId: Z0407  actor: Beverly Tyler
movieId: Z0408  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: Z0408  actor: Dick Powell
movieId: Z0408  actor: June Allyson
movieId: Z0408  actor: Ricardo Montalban
movieId: Z0408  actor: Lionel Barrymore
movieId: Z0409  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: Z0409  actor: Donald Crisp
movieId: Z0409  actor: Jeffrey Lynn
movieId: Z0409  actor: Marjorie Reynolds
movieId: Z0409  actor: Allan Hale~jr.
movieId: Z0410  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: Z0410  actor: Monty Woolley
movieId: Z0410  actor: Jean Peters
movieId: Z0410  actor: Thelma Ritter
movieId: Z0410  actor: Constance Bennett
movieId: Z0410  actor: Albert Dekker
movieId: Z0411  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: Z0411  actor: June Haver
movieId: Z0411  actor: William Lundigan
movieId: Z0411  actor: Leatrice Joy
movieId: Z0411  actor: Jack Parr
movieId: Z0411  actor: Frank fay
movieId: Z0412  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: Z0412  actor: Claudette Colbert
movieId: Z0412  actor: Macdonald Carey
movieId: Z0412  actor: Robert Wagner
movieId: Z0412  actor: Zachary Scott
movieId: Z0412  actor: Barbara Bates
movieId: Z0414  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: Z0414  actor: Ginger Rogers
movieId: Z0414  actor: Fred Allen
movieId: Z0414  actor: Louis Calhern
movieId: Z0414  actor: Zsa Zs Gabor
movieId: Z0417  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: Z0417  actor: Charles Laughton
movieId: Z0417  actor: David Wayne
movieId: Z0418  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: Z0418  actor: Joseph Cotten
movieId: Z0418  actor: Jean Peters
movieId: Z0418  actor: Casey Adams
movieId: Z0418  actor: Richard Allan
movieId: Z0418  actor: Denis ODea
movieId: Z0418  actor: Don Wilson
movieId: Z0418  actor: Norma Varden
movieId: Z0427  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: Z0427  actor: Yves Montand
movieId: Z0427  actor: Wilfrid HydeWhite
movieId: Z0427  actor: Tony Randall
movieId: Z0427  actor: Frankie Vaughn
movieId: Z0427  actor: Madge Kennedy
movieId: Z0429  actor: Marilyn Monroe
movieId: Z0429  actor: Dean Martin
movieId: Z0429  actor: Cyd Charisse
movieId: Z0429  actor: Phil Silver
movieId: Z0429  actor: Wally Cox
movieId: Z0910  actor: 
 John Litgow
movieId: Z0910  actor: Peter Weller
movieId: Z1110  actor: Vilma Banky
movieId: Z1120  actor: Pola Negri
movieId: Z1220  actor: Alice Joyce
movieId: Z1230  actor: Norma Talmadge
movieId: Z1512  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1514  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1516  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1518  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1520  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1522  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1524  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1526  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1528  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1530  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1532  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1536  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1538  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1540  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1542  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1544  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1546  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1548  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1550  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1552  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1554  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1556  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1558  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1560  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1562  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1564  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1566  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1568  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1570  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1572  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1576  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1578  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1580  actor: Theda Bara
movieId: Z1811  actor: Stephen Seagal
movieId: Z1812  actor: Stephen Seagal
movieId: Z1813  actor: Stephen Seagal
movieId: Z2110  actor: James Kirkwood
movieId: Z3010  actor: Grant Withers
movieId: Z3010  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: Z3011  actor: Loretta Young
movieId: Z3011  actor: Grant Withers
movieId: Z3410  actor: Susan Clark
movieId: Z3410  actor: John Forsythe
movieId: Z3410  actor: Stephen Macht
movieId: Z3411  actor: J.Robert Oppemheimer
movieId: Z3412  actor: Robert Walden
movieId: Z3412  actor: Stephen Roberts
movieId: Z3414  actor: s a
movieId: Z3414  actor: Jill Eikenberry
movieId: Z3910  actor: Lon Chaney~jr.
movieId: Z3910  actor: Burgess Meredith
movieId: Z4102  actor: sa
movieId: Z4104  actor: Leslie Howard
movieId: Z4210  actor: Elmo Lincoln
movieId: Z4210  actor: Enid Markey
movieId: Z4220  actor: Gene Polar
movieId: Z4220  actor: Karla Schramm
movieId: Z4222  actor: P.Dempsy Tabler
movieId: Z4222  actor: Kamuela C. Searle
movieId: Z4225  actor: Elmo Lincoln
movieId: Z4225  actor: Louise Lorraine
movieId: Z4230  actor: James Pierce
movieId: Z4230  actor: Dorothy Dunbar
movieId: Z4240  actor: Frank Merrill
movieId: Z4250  actor: Frank Merrill
movieId: Z4250  actor: Natalie Kingston
movieId: Z4250  actor: Lillian Worth
movieId: Z4250  actor: Al Ferguson
movieId: Z4250  actor: Elmo Lincoln
movieId: Z4250  actor: Enid Markey
movieId: Z4310  actor: Evelyn Kunneke
movieId: Z4310  actor: s a
movieId: Z4710  actor: Clark Gable
movieId: Z4710  actor: Toni Romano
movieId: Z4810  actor: Ken Abraham
movieId: Z4810  actor: Ginger Lynn Allen
movieId: Z4810  actor: Linnea Quigley
movieId: Z4810  actor: Karen Russell
movieId: Z4815  actor: Ginger Lynn Allen
movieId: Z4815  actor: Scott Layne
movieId: Z4815  actor: Linnea Quigley
movieId: Z4815  actor: Melissa Moore
movieId: Z4910  actor: Duke Ellington
movieId: Z4911  actor: Bessie Smith
movieId: Z4911  actor: James P. Johnson
movieId: Z4911  actor: Fletcher Henderson
movieId: Z4914  actor: Cab Colloway
movieId: Z4915  actor: Cab Colloway
movieId: Z4917  actor: Ivie Anderson
movieId: Z4917  actor: Duke Ellington
movieId: Z4920  actor: Billie Holiday
movieId: Z4920  actor: Duke Ellington
movieId: Z5020  actor: Betty Grable
movieId: Z5110  actor: Daniel Celin
movieId: Z5110  actor: Brigitte Bardot
movieId: Z5115  actor: Brigitte Bardot
movieId: Z5410  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: Z5420  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: Z5430  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: Z5440  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: Z5450  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: Z5460  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: Z5470  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: Z5480  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: Z5490  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: Z54100  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: Z54105  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: Z54105  actor: Meg Tilly
movieId: Z54105  actor: Craig Sheffer
movieId: Z54110  actor: Christopher Walken
movieId: Z54110  actor: Virginia Madsen
movieId: Z54110  actor: Elias Koteas
movieId: Z54110  actor: Eric Stoltz
movieId: Z5510  actor: Estelle Brody
movieId: Z5512  actor: Estelle Brody
movieId: Z5630  actor: Robert Mitchum
movieId: Z5630  actor: Tom Lea
movieId: Z5710  actor: Vivian Blaine
movieId: Z5730  actor: Richard Burton
movieId: Z5730  actor: Clint Eastwood
movieId: Z5735  actor: Henry Fonda
movieId: Z5735  actor: Susan Strasberg
movieId: Z6510  actor: s a
movieId: Z6510  actor: s a
movieId: Z6620  actor: Stewart Granger
movieId: Z6625  actor: Jack Lemmon
movieId: Z6640  actor: John Wayne
movieId: Z6640  actor: Victoria Principal
movieId: Z6650  actor: Warren Beatty
movieId: Z6650  actor: Leslie Caron
movieId: Z6650  actor: s a
movieId: Z6650  actor: s a
movieId: Z6650  actor: Bob Cummins
movieId: Z6650  actor: s a
movieId: Z6650  actor: Keenan Wynn
movieId: Z6650  actor: s a
movieId: Z6650  actor: s a
movieId: Z6650  actor: Jill Adams
movieId: Z6650  actor: s a
movieId: Z6660  actor: Harrison Ford
movieId: Z6660  actor: James Coburn
movieId: Z6660  actor: Aldo Ray
movieId: Z7410  actor: Jack Cassidy
movieId: Z7840  actor: Billy Crystal
movieId: Z7840  actor: Joan Rivers
movieId: Z8610  actor: s a
movieId: Z8610  actor: s a
movieId: Z8610  actor: s a
movieId: Z8610  actor: s a
movieId: Z8610  actor: s a
movieId: Z8610  actor: s a
movieId: Z8610  actor: Valerie Bertinelli
movieId: Z8610  actor: s a
movieId: Z8610  actor: s a
movieId: Z8610  actor: s a
movieId: Z8610  actor: Donald Trump
movieId: Z8630  actor: Mark Wenzel
movieId: Z8630  actor: Jensen Collier
movieId: Z8630  actor: Lissa Laying
movieId: Z8630  actor: Devon Ericson
movieId: Z8630  actor: Ian Anderson
movieId: Z8630  actor: Robert Lee Campbell
movieId: Z8630  actor: Dee Croxton
movieId: Z8630  actor: Ron Hayes
movieId: Z8630  actor: Virginia Kisen
movieId: Z8630  actor: John C. Becker
movieId: Z8630  actor: Laurie Prance
movieId: Z8630  actor: John Rayner
movieId: Z8630  actor: Brian Reddy
movieId: Z8630  actor: Maryedith Burrell
movieId: Z8630  actor: Terry Hines
movieId: Z8630  actor: Poway Emarald Brigade Marching Band
movieId: Z8630  actor: Joyce Little
movieId: Z8630  actor: Lauren Unger
movieId: Z8720  actor: Matthew Broderick
movieId: Z8720  actor: Helen Hunt
movieId: Z8820  actor: Candiad Royalle
movieId: Z8875  actor: Neil Diamond
movieId: Z8875  actor: John Witherspoon
movieId: Z8910  actor: Ed Begley~jr
movieId: Z8910  actor: s a
movieId: Z8910  actor: Stockard Channing
movieId: Z8910  actor: s a
movieId: Z8910  actor: s a
movieId: Z8910  actor: s a
movieId: Z8910  actor: s a
movieId: Z8910  actor: s a
movieId: Z8910  actor: s a
movieId: Z8910  actor: s a
movieId: Z8910  actor: s a
movieId: Z8910  actor: s a
movieId: Z8915  actor: Robert Redford
movieId: Z8915  actor: John L.\ Marion
movieId: Z9020  actor: Mark Hammil
movieId: Z9020  actor: Amanda Wyss
movieId: Z9020  actor: Apollonia
movieId: Z9020  actor: s a
movieId: Z9020  actor: Bionnie Ebsen
movieId: Z9020  actor: Marilyn Tvilla
movieId: Z9020  actor: Stella Pacific
movieId: Z9030  actor: Ed Begley~jr
movieId: Z9030  actor: Wendy Crewson
movieId: Z9030  actor: Raymond Singer
movieId: Z9030  actor: Bert Carver
movieId: Z9030  actor: Marius Mayrenet
movieId: Z9030  actor: Robert Hahn~jr.
movieId: Z9030  actor: James Frawley
movieId: Z9040  actor: Dana Delaney
movieId: Z9050  actor: Kelly Preston
movieId: Z9110  actor: Rutger Hauer
movieId: Z9110  actor: Mimi Rogers
movieId: Z9110  actor: Joan Chen
movieId: Z9110  actor: Bill Wallace
movieId: Z9110  actor: Frederich S. Pierce
movieId: Z9140  actor: Helen Hunt
movieId: Z9210  actor: Rutger Hauer
movieId: Z9210  actor: Carl Alt
movieId: Z9210  actor: Omar Sharif
movieId: Z9210  actor: s a
movieId: Z9210  actor: Elliott Gould
movieId: Z9220  actor: Marjorie Griffiths
movieId: Z9220  actor: Michael Douglas
movieId: Z9220  actor: s a
movieId: Z9220  actor: s a
movieId: Z9220  actor: s a
movieId: Z9230  actor: David Heavener
movieId: Z9230  actor: Jeff Conway
movieId: Z9230  actor: James Hong
movieId: Z9230  actor: Kathy Shower
movieId: Z9230  actor: Lisa Moore
movieId: Z9240  actor: Nick Adams
movieId: Z9240  actor: Tadao Takashima
movieId: Z9240  actor: Kumi Mizno
movieId: Z9250  actor: Dennis Farina
movieId: Z9250  actor: Tess Harper
movieId: Z9250  actor: s a
movieId: Z9250  actor: s a
movieId: Z9250  actor: s a
movieId: Z9250  actor: s a
movieId: Z9250  actor: s a
movieId: Z9250  actor: s a
movieId: Z9250  actor: s a
movieId: Z9250  actor: Don Glover
movieId: Z9250  actor: Harry Murphy
movieId: Z9250  actor: Gene Pack
movieId: Z9260  actor: Brendan Fraser
movieId: Z9260  actor: Chris ODonnell
movieId: Z9260  actor: Matt Damon
movieId: Z9270  actor: Danny deVito
movieId: Z9270  actor: s a
movieId: Z9270  actor: s a
movieId: Z9270  actor: s a
movieId: Z9270  actor: s a
movieId: Z9270  actor: Steve Allen
movieId: Z9270  actor: Jayne Meadows
movieId: Z9270  actor: Tom Selleck
movieId: Z9310  actor: Cyndi Lauper
movieId: Z9310  actor: David Thornton
movieId: Z9310  actor: Michael J. Fox
movieId: Z9320  actor: Lorraine Bracco
movieId: Z9320  actor: James Belushi
movieId: Z9320  actor: Tony Goldwyn
movieId: Z9330  actor: Kevin Kline
movieId: Z9330  actor: Mary Elizabeth Mastroianni
movieId: Z9330  actor: Kevin Spacey
movieId: Z9340  actor: Beau Bridges
movieId: Z9340  actor: Pam Dawber
movieId: Z9340  actor: s a
movieId: Z9340  actor: s a
movieId: Z9340  actor: s a
movieId: Z9340  actor: s a
movieId: Z9350  actor: Tom Selleck
movieId: Z9350  actor: Ken Takakura
movieId: Z9350  actor: Aya Takanashi
movieId: Z9350  actor: Dennis Haysbert
movieId: Z9365  actor: Gena Rowlands
movieId: Z9410  actor: Mary Wilson
movieId: Z9410  actor: Richard Attenborough
movieId: Z9410  actor: Dillon McDermott
movieId: Z9510  actor: Rena Owen
movieId: Z9510  actor: Temuera Morrison
movieId: Z9510  actor: Julian Arahanga
movieId: Z9510  actor: Taungaora Emile
movieId: Z9510  actor: s a
movieId: Z9520  actor: Om Puri
movieId: Z9530  actor: Shannon Doherty
movieId: Z9530  actor: Rue McClanahan
movieId: Z9530  actor: Dale Miki
movieId: Z9530  actor: John Clark Gable
movieId: Z9540  actor: JeniferWardLeland
movieId: Z9540  actor: Lisa Chappell
movieId: Z9540  actor: Kiril Mills
movieId: Z9540  actor: Cliff Curtis
movieId: Z9540  actor: Kevin Smith
movieId: Z9550  actor: Leornard DiCapria
movieId: Z9550  actor: Mark Wahlberg
movieId: Z9575  actor: Cindy Crawford
movieId: Z9577  actor: Wesley Snipes
movieId: Z9577  actor: Woody Harrelson
movieId: Z9579  actor: Lorretta Devine
movieId: Z9580  actor: Elodie Bouchez
movieId: Z9585  actor: Lea Thompson
movieId: Z9585  actor: Robert Werner
movieId: Z9585  actor: Farrah Fawcett
movieId: Z9595  actor: Denis Leary
movieId: Z9595  actor: Sandra Bullock
movieId: Z9605  actor: Richard Dreyfus
movieId: Z9605  actor: s a
movieId: Z9605  actor: Balthazar Getty
movieId: Z9610  actor: Paul Rudd
movieId: Z9610  actor: Wallace Shawn
movieId: Z9610  actor: Jim Carrey
movieId: Z9610  actor: Alicia Silverstone
movieId: Z9620  actor: Anna Paquin
movieId: Z9620  actor: Jeff Daniels
movieId: Z9620  actor: Dana Delaney
movieId: Z9620  actor: s a
movieId: Z9630  actor: s a
movieId: Z9630  actor: Mae Whitman
movieId: Z9630  actor: Michelle Pfeiffer
movieId: Z9630  actor: George
movieId: Z9635  actor: Sally Field
movieId: Z9640  actor: Patrick Stewart
movieId: Z9645  actor: John Travolto
movieId: Z9650  actor: Jamie Lee Curtis
movieId: Z9650  actor: Kevin Pollak
movieId: Z9650  actor: Jennifer Tilly
movieId: Z9655  actor: Gary Busy
movieId: Z9655  actor: Victor Rivers
movieId: Z9655  actor: Rez Cortez
movieId: Z9655  actor: Joonie
movieId: Z9661  actor: Nicolas Cage
movieId: Z9661  actor: David Caruso
movieId: Z9661  actor: Christine Lahti
movieId: Z9665  actor: Tim Roth
movieId: Z9665  actor: Renee Zellweger
movieId: Z9667  actor: Eddie Murphy
movieId: Z9672  actor: Jennifer Jason Leigh
movieId: Z9676  actor: David Schwimmer
movieId: Z9676  actor: Gwyneth Paltrow
movieId: Z9676  actor: Toni Collette
movieId: Z9680  actor: Geena Davis
movieId: Z9685  actor: Chiara Mastroianni
movieId: Z9688  actor: Eddie Murphy
movieId: Z9689  actor: Eddie Murphy
movieId: Z9691  actor: Janeane Garofalo
movieId: Z9691  actor: s a
movieId: Z9691  actor: s a
movieId: Z9691  actor: s a
movieId: Z9691  actor: s a
movieId: Z9691  actor: s a
movieId: Z9693  actor: Mary Stuart Masterson
movieId: Z9693  actor: Christian Slater
movieId: Z9695  actor: Morgan Freeman
movieId: Z9695  actor: Keanu Reeves
movieId: Z9696  actor: Helen Miren
movieId: Z9696  actor: Fionulla Flannegan
movieId: Z9697  actor: James LeGros
movieId: Z9697  actor: Winona Ryder
movieId: Z9735  actor: Joan Cusack
movieId: Z9740  actor: Glenn Close
movieId: Z9750  actor: Patrick Stewart
movieId: Z9770  actor: Robert deNiro
movieId: Z9770  actor: Harvey Keitel
movieId: Z9770  actor: Ray Liotta
movieId: Z9770  actor: Sylvster Stallone
movieId: Z9780  actor: Leon Head
movieId: Z9780  actor: Michelle Bauer
movieId: Z9780  actor: J.J. North
movieId: Z9780  actor: Theresa Lynn
movieId: Z9783  actor: Dean Cain
movieId: Z9783  actor: Louis Sinosi
movieId: Z9783  actor: Justin Wallis
movieId: Z9783  actor: Eddie Jones
movieId: Z9783  actor: s a
movieId: Z9783  actor: s a
movieId: Z9790  actor: Rutger Hauer
movieId: Z9790  actor: Roger Dupois
movieId: Z9790  actor: Krstin Lehman
movieId: Z9790  actor: Jackie Boeringer
movieId: Z9790  actor: John DayHill
movieId: Z9794  actor: Charlotte Rampling
movieId: Z9795  actor: Charlotte Rampling
movieId: Z9810  actor: Andy McDowell
movieId: Z9810  actor: Andy Garcia
movieId: Z9820  actor: Marlon Wayans
movieId: Z9820  actor: David Spade
movieId: Z9820  actor: Tamara Taylor
movieId: Z9830  actor: Martin Short
movieId: Z9830  actor: Helena Bonham Carter
movieId: Z9830  actor: Isabella Rosselini
movieId: Z9840  actor: Scott Bakula
movieId: Z9840  actor: Corbin Benson
movieId: Z9840  actor: Eric Bruskotter
movieId: Z9840  actor: Takaakki Subibasha
movieId: Z9840  actor: Eric Bruskotter
movieId: Z9840  actor: s a
movieId: Z9840  actor: s a
movieId: Z9840  actor: Mark Scott
movieId: Z9850  actor: Mitzi Capuchin
movieId: Z9850  actor: s a
movieId: Z9850  actor: Jasmine Guy
movieId: Z9850  actor: s a
movieId: Z9865  actor: Sharon Stone
movieId: Z9865  actor: Gillian Anderson
movieId: Z9880  actor: Ben Stiller
movieId: Z9890  actor: Sean Connery
movieId: Z9890  actor: Gillian Anderson
movieId: Z9895  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: Z9895  actor: Renee Zellweger
movieId: Z9895  actor: William Hurt
movieId: Z9895  actor: s a
movieId: Z9895  actor: Tom Everett Scott
movieId: Z9895  actor: s a
movieId: Z9920  actor: Sarah Mitchell
movieId: Z9920  actor: s a
movieId: Z9920  actor: Ryan Phillipe
movieId: Z9920  actor: Reese Witherspoon
movieId: Z9925  actor: Lynn Whitfield
movieId: Z9925  actor: Linda Hamilrton
movieId: Z9930  actor: Minnie Driver
movieId: Z9930  actor: Rufus Sewell
movieId: Z9930  actor: Kate Driver
movieId: Z9930  actor: Nigel Hawthorne
movieId: Z9935  actor: Minnie Driver
movieId: Z9950  actor: s a
movieId: Z9955  actor: Craig Bierko
movieId: Z9955  actor: Vincent dOnofrio
movieId: Z9955  actor: s a
movieId: Z9960  actor: Joanna Kerns
movieId: Z9960  actor: Stephen Lang
movieId: Z9960  actor: Tom Matheson
movieId: Z9965  actor: Meryl Streep
movieId: Z9965  actor: Isaac Stern
movieId: Z9970  actor: Angela Jolie
movieId: Z9980  actor: Denzel Washington
No of movieIds '48947'.
No of actors '48947'.
